Katrina Groves: Morning Saturday.
Katrina Groves: March 7
Katrina Groves: Trying to get myself situated here.
Katrina Groves: This is Dr groves going to be doing some histories and physicals today.
Katrina Groves: Will be dealt community health Center patients are well established with me, but they need their bright heart HMP
Katrina Groves: Be working on two screens here so
Katrina Groves: I'm
Katrina Groves: Oh my room number is 522-649-3217 and
Katrina Groves: I'll be working from nine in the morning PST till about one and then again from two to four so
Katrina Groves: Be back in a minute.
Katrina Groves: Is the first gentleman is Robert Mancini
Katrina Groves: This 11 2062 and I think I gave you all that. Oh yeah, he's an established patient greater than three years.
Katrina Groves: I think his pre BAM was administered and required greater than 15 minutes is a seven expert were reviewed this risk and protective scores were reviewed and he's cures report was reviewed and appropriate
Good.
Katrina Groves: Morning.
ROB: How are you
Katrina Groves: I can see I can hear you. But I can't see you.
ROB: You can't see me on
Katrina Groves: There's probably a little
Katrina Groves: thing at the bottom that
ROB: Says, yep. You got it. There you go. See me
ROB: Hey, hey, are you
Katrina Groves: You found me.
Yep.
Katrina Groves: Excellent.
ROB: So we figured it out.
Katrina Groves: I'll come to bright heart.
ROB: This new gig. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, you're actually one of the first. I mean, you did it the fastest I've had people that are working on this for six months and here you are.
ROB: Yeah, I just got it, I got it last week I think from from Tony Tony Yeah.
Katrina Groves: So this is a sort of a history of you and everything. It'll take us maybe 40 minutes. I don't know. Depends on how much we got to go over
ROB: Okay, and then
Katrina Groves: After this, you're going to be part of my Monday groups.
ROB: Which I hope you
ROB: Make yes
ROB: What time is it
Katrina Groves: It's like 545 in the evening. It's after my other job.
Katrina Groves: So,
ROB: Yeah, that's probably I get off it by 15 so that gets me home. So yeah, that's fine. Perfect. Okay.
Katrina Groves: So, um, let's pretend I don't know you.
Katrina Groves: owe me about a first year any medical problems that you have. I know you're here for narcotic use and stuff. But didn't you have high blood pressure or asthma or something else going on. I
ROB: Just high blood pressure, but it's fine not stable. And I just got
ROB: Some test for my gut because I have a little pain in there, but they're gonna figure that out, I guess.
Katrina Groves: So do you have a doctor at the Del Mar community health center. Yeah.
ROB: Finally, I got, um, oh, what's his name. Dan Daniel Leffler
Katrina Groves: Leffler yeah
Katrina Groves: Oh yeah, he said you had some belly pain looks like.
Katrina Groves: You're on the other. I'm on both computers. So I can
ROB: See ya.
Katrina Groves: Alright, so let's see. Are you taking
Katrina Groves: Did he give you any medication for that.
ROB: No, no, not yet. We're trying to figure out what it is for. Okay.
Katrina Groves: And so do you still take the
Katrina Groves: Nerve ask and load a pain. Do you have your medications with you.
ROB: Yeah, I take em load a pain. What
ROB: Oh, I don't know. Do I gotta get those
Katrina Groves: Now, I think you take 10 milligrams once a day is what I
ROB: Yeah yeah
ROB: And then I'm sorry, and then
ROB: Oh god for my god
ROB: I can't remember. Oh, you got it. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: So do you take Prozac still
ROB: Yes, that's it. That's all.
Katrina Groves: Right 10 milligrams and how bad is your depression or how bad was it
ROB: Um, it gets its back and forth, but right now that I'm going to school. It's doing well.
ROB: Good.
Katrina Groves: And then you had a Gabba pension Neurontin on here at one point he still take that
ROB: I take it once in a while. Only when I really, really need it.
ROB: For my legs. Yeah, I got no not for paying for. I got nervous nerve damage in my legs pretty bad. So
Katrina Groves: All right.
Katrina Groves: Yeah. And then what about and that's a 300 milligram capsule and you just take it like once a day is
ROB: Not even once a day, probably, maybe, maybe even once a week.
ROB: You know, whenever I need it because my my feet get that real tinguely mess them up pretty bad.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, that's right. And do you still have
Katrina Groves: Oh, do you still take ibuprofen mo trend for when you have pain as well.
ROB: O'Connor yeah over the counter. Yeah, okay.
ROB: I tried to cut that back to trying to trying to get healthier, you know, get I'm older now and solder.
Katrina Groves: It kind of is.
Katrina Groves: Yeah. Alright, so we got your medications.
Katrina Groves: And
Katrina Groves: So anything with your family that things that run in your family that we need to know about.
ROB: Well, I was adopted, so it's kind of hard. But the ones I've met I did meet my mother when I was 40 and everyone's pretty much healthy except for in their heads and
ROB: Everyone's crazy my family. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: So does that mean any diagnose mental illnesses like bipolar or depression or substance use, you
ROB: Need all of them probably with substance abuse. That was crazy. I didn't even know
ROB: That my family. We didn't nobody even smoke cigarettes. You know the one I was raised in and then when I met my other family, it was full of A. Yeah, it's like I you can't tell me it's not genetic a little bit
Katrina Groves: Is
ROB: It's very much genetic. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: And so what kind of things running your family alcohol.
ROB: Crack heroin stuff.
ROB: I don't know if too much alcohol that I know. But, you know, okay, yeah. Um,
Katrina Groves: Any siblings brothers and sisters that you have Matt.
ROB: That's the one that's where
ROB: Plans. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: How about your mom and dad.
ROB: I never got to meet. I didn't know about the Father. I've heard different things, but I really don't know. And the mother, she just died. She was like 78 years old.
ROB: It just your heart gave out, I guess. Okay.
Katrina Groves: So your mother's no longer living anyone was strokes or heart attacks that, you know, or
Katrina Groves: Your mom just
Katrina Groves: You said she had a heart attack you think
ROB: I yeah I forget what it was because I stopped talking to her at the end it was getting kind of weird.
ROB: Because I have my mom that raised me, my mom. She don't go for that, you know,
ROB: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: All right, and so then tell me, are you smoking cigarettes yourself.
ROB: I quit for a while and then I kind of went back, but that's our goal to start again this weekend so
Katrina Groves: Nice. And when you say it's your goal. Tell me more about that.
ROB: Oh, I just, we're gonna it's I can already feel it, you know, I started smoking a little bit and I get my lungs her
ROB: Back way.
ROB: I'll probably use the veil to quit.
Katrina Groves: Oh dear. But, you know,
ROB: I know, is it
ROB: Before. Yes, yes.
Katrina Groves: Okay.
Katrina Groves: It worked. Good.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, it's an addiction, you know, it's part of that your brain is like I want something
Katrina Groves: Yeah. Um, so you don't drink alcohol.
ROB: No.
Katrina Groves: And you're currently living with anyone.
ROB: Yeah, with Rebecca and my significant other, I guess you'd call it and then my buddy. Yeah. So, and we all quit. At the same time, almost five years ago, so
Nice.
ROB: Quit everything yeah well yeah drugs. Yeah, we were doing were, you know, they were able to
ROB: To get off with methadone and method on. I had a problem with that too. So I ended up on Suboxone and then I met you up here when I got here. So, yeah.
Katrina Groves: So yeah, let's go into that your history of substance abuse. I know we probably gone through this and you went through this on tape, but
Katrina Groves: How old were you when you first began to use your first substance like what did you use marijuana or what was your first thing as a kid. And how old are you,
ROB: Oh yeah, well everybody smoked pot. When I was growing up when I was a kid, you know, in my it, but I was
ROB: A farm boy, so I didn't really get into drugs until I was, you know, 1718 but I smoked weed and did a line once in a while, you know, just with friends before that, but
ROB: I started my first shot crank when I was like 19 years old and it was downhill from there. But I worked my whole life. You know, so I was off.
ROB: I worked on boats. So I would be working and then I'd be off for two weeks to two months to a year, whatever you know whatever I want to pick up. So that was an open door to party, you know, and then I stopped drinking when I was about, I don't know, probably I would just safe to say 30
Katrina Groves: When did you start drinking
ROB: Oh, I never liked to take a taste of alcohol or beer, you know,
ROB: Even now, if I drink a beer or something. It's really hard to drink so
Katrina Groves: But did you start drinking the same time you started partying and doing crank because everybody else was or
ROB: Yeah, yeah, I'd say so. Okay.
Katrina Groves: And what kind of when was cranky drug of choice. And when did you start using the opioids.
ROB: Oh, not until, you know, I tried it before but I all my friends back home because I split went to Louisiana and they all did you know there's a few of them that did heroin and I
ROB: wasn't worth it to me. I always thought that I was above that or something, you know. Yeah. Then I went to prison up in Washington.
ROB: In 97 when I got out. I met this girl. And we started you know that was her drug of choice. So I was like, yeah, whatever. I was working. So I was able to support the habit.
ROB: If I did, very little. Yeah.
ROB: And then when I tried to stop you know you know the story there. It just, I couldn't stop. And so I came to California again in 2000 2001
ROB: Kicked at my, my dad's house and that is in brutal, it was, it was no good. We don't, we don't talk anymore. You know, I don't think he dug that and then
ROB: It was up and down from there until
ROB: You know,
ROB: I don't know about seven years ago, and it took about two years to really to get out of that you know when you're using when you're doing methadone. It just seems like you should do heroin with it, I guess, you know,
Katrina Groves: So you were in a methadone program. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: I gotten that
ROB: Um, I got it for free for a year, because I was on probation and that was in 2004 2006 and then I got back on.
ROB: Oh, two years before I got on on buprenorphine or or
ROB: Suboxone and then it was about just a few you know as almost a year and then I came up here six months, something like that. And I can remember.
Katrina Groves: It looks like you started November. It was like Thanksgiving.
ROB: Thanksgiving was my that was not the day I started that was a day. The last
ROB: Shot i did was November one every year that was
ROB: 2015
ROB: Thank you.
Katrina Groves: Welcome
ROB: I keep trying to be cool.
Katrina Groves: Little it's
Katrina Groves: Been over
Katrina Groves: Four years, four years anyway.
ROB: Yeah, four years. He's going on five this year.
Katrina Groves: Backup about prison did the drugs, get you in prison, did you end up stealing or how did the prison come about.
ROB: You know,
ROB: It was between work and I was selling crank, but I wasn't really selling it. I just got caught up in a deal that was going down and I wasn't
Katrina Groves: Got it. Yeah. Um, alright, so other substances like you said not alcohol. What about benzo like Valium or things like that, was that
ROB: My thing. Nothing at all. And then
ROB: Well, that's what I call crank. Yeah, that's what I call Frank Yeah especially anymore. That stuff is. I don't know what it's doing to people now.
Katrina Groves: It's killing people.
ROB: Yeah, is it yeah yeah it's
Katrina Groves: Mixed with lots of stuff.
Katrina Groves: Alright, so what else social history has medical Oh, any major illnesses. You had where you were like hospitalized pneumonia or
ROB: Only my gallbladder last year.
ROB: Or the year before. I don't remember. I don't remember what it was last year, I think.
ROB: I know I thought I was only in school for a year and I found out it was two years ago, I started so
ROB: Slow. I've been doing two classes and it's non stress. Now, and everything's great. But I've got my whole planned.
ROB: Way. Oh, I'm over halfway. I got nine more credits have to get my not nine more credits to finish but nine more credits of my classes I have to take to get my
ROB: And I'm taking behavior on social sciences.
Katrina Groves: Call is
ROB: To get a job with the county or something. I'm not really. I was going to take the drug treatment counselor, I
ROB: They were letting me in. Because I got in late, they were gonna let me bypass this one class and I decided
ROB: I don't think I want to work with. I, you know, I'll work with drug addicts and stuff like maybe a
ROB: Juvenile Hall, or something like that or at a program that they have, but
ROB: I'm going to stay away from the adult thing, you know, so
Katrina Groves: Why is that what what what worries you about that.
ROB: In yourself.
Katrina Groves: I mean, sounds like a good insight.
ROB: Yeah. It's just, I've tried to stay away from the people and that's what I'm doing right now and not that the people are bad, because I loved it. I, you know, that's my crowd. When I grow up. I've always thought of them as my brother, you know, my friends, you know, but anymore.
ROB: But um yeah yeah you know you. It's kind of a pack thing, you know, and that's why up here. I didn't want to get involved in the groups and
ROB: Pretty much what shies me away from all that
ROB: And any and all that. It just yeah so
ROB: I just end, you know, I don't have the urge anymore. I don't have that, that one Earth we were talking about Rebecca and I were talking about it. Just recently and I was like, Yeah, it'd be nice to find a big old pouch of money or a big old pouch. Don't you know I wouldn't want to find dope.
Katrina Groves: Yeah.
ROB: You know, then you that. So then you have to deal with it.
Katrina Groves: Wow.
ROB: Yeah, so yes.
ROB: Yeah, it is something happened. I don't know. I've always had it in the back of my head, where it didn't matter. I was just partying, you know, but the heroin really opened my eyes.
ROB: And now I'm taking all I've taken Sociology and Philosophy and learning about stuff and starting to see I got a couple site classes that are in coming up.
Katrina Groves: And nice
ROB: Yeah, so I thought I might get on with the county in a in a entry level, you know, type office studying more more than having to put on a suit and tie her or anything like that, you know, you know. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Oh, you have a lot to give to you, you know, people that have been through it like Tony and a lot a lot to give. On the flip side, and because you're credible and you've been through it.
ROB: So,
Katrina Groves: You'd make a wonderful and you're, you know, you have that calm demeanor where you're kind of, you know, you're not in people's face. You're not anxious and you're just you got that kind of
ROB: There is that side of me though. And I was worried about it. That's why I went back to the psych you know I was kind of
ROB: Yeah, there was a couple times. No, I mean my site. I went to Dr. To online over there. Everything's online now but um yeah I had to get on some some medication. I was feeling myself getting a lot more angry at people.
ROB: Around here. It's just really hard. You know, it's really, you know, it's so mellow here.
ROB: It's not like even Sonoma County, let alone Seattle or something like that, where I live, before
Katrina Groves: A big city.
Katrina Groves: And Dr. Chu is through mental health. Then, or is it
ROB: Yes, yeah.
Katrina Groves: And that's who gives you your Prozac.
Yes.
Okay.
Katrina Groves: And it sounds like it's helping
ROB: Yeah, it feels like it.
ROB: They always tried to put me on all that crazy Sarah quill and all that stuff and
ROB: It felt like I was doing dope. I mean, I was drooling. Yeah, yeah, no, we don't want
Katrina Groves: To take you through something called a review of systems. It's kind of like head to
Katrina Groves: Toe so bear with me. It's monotonous, but just
Katrina Groves: This will be in the past few weeks, not like your whole life. Okay, so any trouble with Fevers or chills right now. Like, are you sick with anything.
ROB: No, I'm just trying to keep away. Yeah, and dryness down trying. I go to school. So it's like a
ROB: Yeah yeah
ROB: I've been. I've been fine for
Katrina Groves: Now, night sweats.
Katrina Groves: Know any cold intolerance, like you feel like you just can't handle the cold.
ROB: No. Not lately.
Katrina Groves: Any fatigue, like just falling asleep in your books are
ROB: Not quite that hard, but I do get I have that I don't know. I don't know, to me, I keep calling it laziness and I've never been that I've always been all my life I've been really hyper i think i'm
ROB: Think I'm slowing down again. I don't know nothing to worry about, or concern myself with so
Katrina Groves: So you sleep. Okay.
ROB: Yeah, yeah, okay, you know, with the meds, I take and everything, fine. Okay.
Katrina Groves: And any recent weight gain or weight loss that you weren't intending on
ROB: No, actually I'm staying right about level.
ROB: I went down just a little and I'm trying to do you know when I first came here I weighed 305 so I've came down in in in the year. So I'm trying to do it that way.
ROB: How much are you now I'm to 68 to 67 so
Katrina Groves: That's great.
Katrina Groves: I mean, that's the way to do it is just 510 pounds. You know, every couple every year just
Katrina Groves: Slow and steady wins the race like
ROB: Meat and potatoes guy. So, yeah.
Katrina Groves: All right, so any signs of diabetes, though, like I'm thirsty all the time or pain all the time.
ROB: No I gotten checked recently and I KEEP I KEEP A tune on that, cuz I'm Rebecca is good.
ROB: She takes the pills that diabetes bill.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, I'm looking at your labs here so I can see them or not.
Katrina Groves: But a lot of pee tasks.
ROB: Yeah, I try, you told told me to come in every, you know, if I can twice a month, so I try. No, they don't want to see me. It is
Katrina Groves: Oh, so he got a cholesterol from last year that was a little bit
Katrina Groves: High one of your cholesterol numbers, but not too bad.
ROB: Yeah, and I'm working on it. I don't want to get on any of those. I forgot what they're called.
ROB: I'm trying to stay off that. So I have been, I've been doing better. But you know, I could do better. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: We all can
Katrina Groves: Your liver and your kidneys look good. So that was from August of 2019 so not bad.
ROB: They just
ROB: Come today just checked them few days ago when I went in and got my
ROB: They checked him. I mean physically looking at them. So
Katrina Groves: Oh, I see.
Okay.
Katrina Groves: All right. Where was I so eyes any trouble with blurry vision or changing your vision.
ROB: Nope, nothing abnormal
Katrina Groves: Redness pain tearing dryness.
ROB: That's always my eyes are
ROB: Really, yeah.
ROB: You know, I stopped smoking weed to I
ROB: haven't smoked in a couple months and I seem to it's like I
ROB: Everything's for schools first now so
Katrina Groves: That's awesome. That is really a hard thing to quit. I mean it is. I don't care what people say it's a drug, it's addicting.
ROB: It actually is, you know, yeah, I think it is.
Katrina Groves: Well, how come, your eyes are all red and teary and you
ROB: Know, I've just always had that, you know, if I'm sitting there watching like in class from Martin.
ROB: Like they have the screens up there if I watch those are fun sitting on a computer too long. I walk away. Yeah, I got I got I I'm supposed to get glasses and I never did get that I got the prescription. I lost the prescription, but I'm
ROB: Going back
ROB: In two weeks, I think two
Katrina Groves: They will also get you a copy. If you just call them. But, you know,
ROB: That's okay. I could do that to a
ROB: Little minor real minor. You know, like when I when I use the glasses that you buy their only ones one point so
ROB: It's all the
Katrina Groves: work you do you have an eye strain. You don't want to stress out your eyes so
ROB: Yeah. Good idea.
Katrina Groves: How about difficulty with hearing or drainage or pain or anything with your
ROB: Ears. Okay.
Katrina Groves: How about, nose, throat, any sores on your tongue or lips no trouble swallowing.
Katrina Groves: Trouble with your teeth. Yeah.
ROB: I got fake ones.
Katrina Groves: And any hoarseness of your voice. Sometimes trouble swallowing nosebleeds.
Katrina Groves: Okay, we're moving down to your neck any pain or stiffness in your neck.
ROB: Know,
Katrina Groves: any lumps or bumps in your
No.
Katrina Groves: trouble breathing coughing shortness of breath, wheezing.
ROB: Usual i mean
Okay.
Katrina Groves: With the smoking, I guess. Do you occasionally get sick.
ROB: Or no, I don't get sick. I just, you know, I get winded. If I take a long, long, long. So yeah, it's, it's time to
Katrina Groves: Complete I'll be better when you quit. Yeah, yeah.
Katrina Groves: I'm gonna ask you about that. Oh, do you have an inhaler. I noticed on your chart you have had them before.
ROB: I had it. I can't remember what that was for I was getting some kind of shortness of breath type thing going on in it kind of
ROB: Just went away. I think
Katrina Groves: That might help if you feel like you know when you probably have a little bit of emphysema from smoking for so long. So those puffers really help if you're sick, you know, you might want to have one on hand.
ROB: And I do have I keep it. I haven't
Katrina Groves: Spent when inhaler. Okay.
ROB: God, I hate that word that's the one that's the one that wasn't makes me want to stop. I just
Katrina Groves: Sent the same
Katrina Groves: Yeah, yeah, I'll say it again and
Katrina Groves: Now you'll do it. Are you planning on using patches or GM or how'd you quit last time just cold turkey.
ROB: No, I use the
ROB: Veil
Katrina Groves: Oh, that's right. You told me that. So going down any chest pain or pressure
Katrina Groves: No to your heart palpitations.
ROB: No, that's I haven't had that in the long gun. They said it was normal stuff.
ROB: Coming down. Yeah. One time, it really freaked me out. I had to go to the hospital, but
ROB: Even that's normal for you. So, yeah.
Katrina Groves: Least you got checked out. Do you have trouble with swelling in your legs.
ROB: Um, you know, for a long time. I didn't, but my right leg, I got an infection recently and it just it's from. Oh, what's that called I I used to get it once in a while and knows us and stuff.
Katrina Groves: Like the varicose vein.
ROB: Know the day infection from
ROB: Staff not stat, the other one.
ROB: The time you're
ROB: No, none of those from like from damage on your skin. It gets in there.
Katrina Groves: Dermatitis cellulitis
ROB: cellulitis. That was it. Yeah, so I think it was cellulitis because I didn't have any. I don't have any kind of open wounds or anything in my leg just got popped up and
ROB: I got
ROB: I got kind of sick kind of kooky and stuff. And I know the symptoms. Now I get. I get the shivers and stuff. I found it out last time. So I went in and they put me on a five day seven day
Katrina Groves: Catholics, or something.
Katrina Groves: Didn't get read
Katrina Groves: Yes.
Katrina Groves: Yes. Wow.
ROB: Yeah, I
ROB: I don't know if you ever saw my legs but they're pretty they're pretty damaged. Not that not as bad as some people but there enough
ROB: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: I wonder what in the world started at this time and
ROB: I don't know.
ROB: Well, I've got my knees got tore up months off a little accident tonight and
ROB: They're still, they don't really they heal all the way, but they still have this. I don't know that you can still, they still get a scab right near the crease of them because they're right right here on my knee or right here.
Katrina Groves: Show me your leg.
ROB: He the scars.
Katrina Groves: Now, you're too low. Oh.
ROB: Yeah. I forgot the cameras up there.
ROB: Can you see him.
Katrina Groves: Still too low. Turn your TV. Turn your thing down. Oh, yeah.
ROB: Yeah scars on my leg. So they never really a heel and they say they don't you know they said you could last all the whole time. But I keep them clean and
Katrina Groves: At the problem, I think, as you know, as if you use up all your veins that they just, they don't work anymore. And then you've got scar tissue and then you're prone to getting little infections, so
ROB: Yeah, this one right here was from a wreck and I had dirt in it rocks and everything and finally got all cleaned out, but I don't think everything's out of it, or I don't know. It just never heals all the way you know
ROB: Because it's the band. It's right on the head, there's nothing they can do about it.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, well it's good keeping an eye on it. Do not get diabetes. I'm really glad you're losing some weight because if you got diabetes. That would be a really bad thing to have.
ROB: Especially my feet, my legs. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: All right. Well, that was good. Um, so any other skin problems like dry skin elsewhere.
ROB: It. You're trying to keep it moist. Take a, you know, okay.
Katrina Groves: Any moles that you're worried about like
ROB: No, I just
ROB: I go I i've been I got one. Not a mole, but a pre cancer and he just sprayed my face right here. And then he found one over here. So he got rid of those. And I did a full body check and he's fine but I go back. I think in two months. Two more months to
Katrina Groves: Was that for a dermatologist, or is that through your, your doctor at the clinic.
ROB: No, that's a dermatologist over here, dermatology. Yeah. Yeah. I was getting all this stuff checked out to make sure I had one on top of my head needed. Nope, that's okay.
ROB: But he found the one right here under that I always had a problem right here. And he sprayed that now when he was gone. And there was a little anything so
Katrina Groves: What's the name of your dermatologist. I didn't know we had any interest in Sydney.
ROB: Yeah right over by the DMV right back at the DMV there.
Katrina Groves: Oh, Jessie boss. Yeah.
ROB: Yeah, it might be
Katrina Groves: A tall, skinny kind of kid.
ROB: Yeah, young guy. Yeah. Yes.
ROB: Justin Yeah.
Katrina Groves: He's great. He and his wife came to the clinic. Gosh, years ago and they both worked at the clinic for a while and then he got the job with the dermatologist. So he he loves that job.
ROB: Yeah, yeah. It seems like it's kind of, it's kind of cool. And you can just search spraying
Katrina Groves: All right, so I'm moving down to your stomach. Now you had said you had a little bit of abdominal pain and
Katrina Groves: Or was it
Katrina Groves: Just nausea.
ROB: I got a colon asked me colon. Yeah, I got one of those
ROB: And after it. I always had this little pain up
ROB: towards the top of it and
ROB: You know, they took one Paulo.
ROB: But he wanted to see me in three years, because the shape of the polyp or something.
ROB: Like that. And I never got any. I didn't know you know is it bad. Good. What's up, and I never got any information back on that. So I don't know.
ROB: But it always had a pain. It usually you know about that time, you know, when you feel when you're going it's filled up. It feels like, well, then when I got my my
ROB: My gallbladder removed.
Katrina Groves: What year was that about,
ROB: Last year,
ROB: Okay, yeah. So when I got that done, it just every time it seemed like it would have a little pain right up here on this side. So I was worried it might be my liver something up that's over here, you know, so
ROB: They checked it out. They just went for a full I did a sonogram and
ROB: WHAT HE CALLED TO MAKE SURE YOU KNOW THAT to rule out everything else.
ROB: And then though start working. It could be
ROB: IBS or anything like that. So, sorry.
ROB: I'm sorry.
Katrina Groves: I was saying, do you have any diarrhea or constipation with it then.
ROB: Constipation no diarrhea.
Katrina Groves: And he said, what
ROB: He said, we're gonna If yes, after that, we'll check it out and find out if it, if it is the colon because you didn't want to just start guide me one rule out all
ROB: The spleen is over here, too. So right yeah okay
Katrina Groves: And so, you haven't had any bleeding ulcers, though, where you vomited up lead or had blood in your stool or black school
ROB: Good.
Katrina Groves: Well, I'm glad you're taking this stuff seriously and getting your self healthy
ROB: And drawing you know
Katrina Groves: So how about your urination. Your. Are you over your over 50
So you're probably having trouble.
ROB: Damn near 60
ROB: So I get you.
Katrina Groves: Trouble with urination is real common, you know, prostate problems. Are you having hesitancy or frequency or waking up 10 times a night peeing or and
ROB: I do that yeah I do that. But I know what it is. I think it's because I drink Pepsi a lot and I tried to stop. I know I'm doing, but when I drink water. It doesn't happen. So it might be that. But yes, I sometimes get it but not not maybe twice a night.
ROB: I always thought that was normal, but maybe
ROB: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: But no blood in your p
No.
Katrina Groves: Um, yeah. By the way, soda is like the worst thing for your kidneys ever. And it can also give you diabetes Pepsi.
ROB: Unless I mean
Katrina Groves: Even Diet Pepsi is like bad for you. So
ROB: Yeah, that's whatever
Katrina Groves: Once you quit smoking. I think that's more important, but you know hate to take all your all your fun stuff away but water is better.
ROB: Yes, I know. And I have I have cut way back on Pepsi. I mean, I used to drink Kool Aid and Pepsi does
ROB: Right, yeah, that's
ROB: Since since Rebecca got that I've kind of she's all the way off.
Katrina Groves: Sugars right Vitamin Water try
Katrina Groves: There's all kinds of drinks that like have no calories, no sugar because that will give you diabetes in a second. And you probably lose 10 pounds if you just stopped your soda.
ROB: Oh yeah i think i think so. So that's, that's one of my one of my in progress.
ROB: Falls. Good, yeah.
Katrina Groves: Alright so I'm moving to muscles. Do you have any limps or muscle pain back pain leg pain from all from past
ROB: I'm actually doing really well.
Hey,
Katrina Groves: No weakness in your muscles now tremor know
Katrina Groves: Your knees are okay.
ROB: Well, my knees. They work and but I'm really careful about them if I if I try to do jumping jacks. There'll be hurting the next day bad so I just don't do that kind of I tried to stop doing that.
ROB: Getting trying to do more fluid. Yeah, walking, even that I kind of watch it, you know, okay, we're going to the ocean are so nice.
Katrina Groves: So no seizures obviously vertigo dizziness fainting spells.
Katrina Groves: No, headaches, you, you do have that burning pain now in your feet that neuropathy.
ROB: Well, it's been a lot better. I don't know. That's why I don't take the gabapentin yeah
Katrina Groves: And, you know, that doesn't work that good an as needed basis. Usually, so I don't know if it really is. Do you notice it helps when you take it just once a week.
ROB: I only take it at night when I do take it. So I don't really notice, but it does stop that, uh, that tangling when you just can't sleep because your feet, Bill. Yeah. And I'm really sensitive to all that stuff. I don't like anything. Okay, out of order.
Katrina Groves: So mental health wise. I know we talked a little bit about depression. Do you feel like now it's under control where it's not interfering with your functioning anymore. Like are you you're not isolating you're getting out of house you're doing things
ROB: I get out because I have to. And I go to class because I have to. Because I just I have that
ROB: That I, you know, what if I had to do this well with you. It's different because I've known you for a while but um I the communications. That's one of my classes that was
ROB: Three other nine credits that I put off till the end. And now that I'm doing this is I can take it online. So I didn't think I could do it, but I'm doing it.
Katrina Groves: Because in front of is it the people like a big group of people or is it. Yeah.
ROB: I got, I can flow with me when I'm around people I know, or
ROB: That's why I did crank back in the days because I could
ROB: I could come in and start talking to people if I don't have that. Excuse me.
ROB: I'm out of the game. I can't even I have a hard time I start jumbling my words and
Katrina Groves: So you get anxious, you have social anxiety.
ROB: Very, very much. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: But you know, that's just, that's one of
ROB: My thoughts yet and and I suffer from PTSD. So I only learned that a few years ago. So now I understand.
ROB: That the depression is all it's from the, you know, from the past is not from what's happening right now and I've learned that so it's easier to deal with. And I could be in my worst mode and still pull myself.
ROB: To, you know, class, it's only an hour long, you know, hour and a half and three or three hours even but uh yeah I usually tape record and all my classes I got the disability thing so I could do that and
ROB: Yeah, so I come back and I listened to my recordings and I write my papers. So what
Katrina Groves: You don't write
ROB: I have I have I have Dragon Naturally
ROB: Going to correct it. Yeah, that's great. Oh, it helps
ROB: Is great. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: What was your post traumatic stress from
ROB: I'm sorry. Well, I'm
Katrina Groves: Like a child abuse or I didn't hear any
ROB: Well, I went I
ROB: Went from
ROB: Pretty much it all happen at once I there was a family issue and I split from home. I mean, it was a perfect family. I mean, I guess you could call it that, you know, they're still doing their thing. But I went straight off the cliff. I went I ended up first.
ROB: I ended up in the first place I ever went and I got in trouble as a juvenile when I was 14 years old, his boys Republic.
ROB: And I'm getting blanket party there and I got busted up pretty hardcore so I split from there and then they put me in mobile camp, which I didn't feel I belong in
ROB: Excuse me, so I split from there. So I was a runner. I ran. I ran and the third time, they said, California youth authority. And when I went there. I was going to go for
ROB: An evaluation and, you know, get off and be on
ROB: parole or whatever. And I'd been 15 then but I got into a riot. So they put me in probably one of the worst places in California, which I saw everything the third day, I was there I saw Mexicans kill another Mexican
ROB: So yeah you know that's it's just all from there and
Katrina Groves: Islands.
ROB: Islands. Yeah. And I never thought I'd never bugged me. I kept my, you know, and then
ROB: Kind of been through some crazy stuff in my life and I just kept that stuff down and I never thought me and it was just a few years ago. It just, it just toppled landed a, you know, almost turned myself into two, I forgot what it's called.
Katrina Groves: Yeah.
ROB: Yeah. Yeah, but I was able to get on some medication. And then, you know, I was running wild for just a minute. I'm just too old for that. And I, I met a site that
ROB: She really helped me out. She was she's an older woman in in Santa Rosa, she wrote a few books and stuff. So she got my case.
ROB: And from there on it. It started working taught me some breathing and they put in, but the psychic psychiatry so psychologists, excuse me, this psychiatry is put me on Seroquel I can't remember the medical all those
ROB: Yeah, and that's about where it snap, but actually right before that I was working and my step mom had a friend who's a
ROB: Pa and
ROB: Anyway, up in the Sierras. And she got me on she gave me a bunch of
ROB: What are those called the test not. I mean, they're just samples samples they gave me a bunch of samples of
ROB: I forget the name of that it's an anti depressant. But I was on it for like almost a year and then I ran out, you know, I didn't have it anymore because my step on me. I go through and
ROB: And I got this. I was getting the shock. It was like shocks coming up from my beat to the back of my head, and I don't know how to explain them.
Katrina Groves: I don't know. It's when you run out of
Katrina Groves: money ran out of antidepressants.
ROB: Yeah, so I went through this thing for about a month.
ROB: And I, that's where I ended up starting again on on crank and, you know, and that helped a little and then
ROB: Eventually it went back to heroin. Again, I was kicked for right then, when I was back when in 2000 I was getting for like two years and
ROB: On nothing. I was I was fine. I was working, but that just not right there, kick my butt. So I wasn't able to get on those again they tried to put me on him here why I was here and
ROB: You know, Hey, that was running the past this will work. And I started taking on and it was new. I can't do it. I don't want to freak me out and I guess that had a little to do with it too. Anyway, I'm sorry but yeah that's I had kind of a little break down there.
ROB: And
Katrina Groves: It's good that you're getting in touch with that because if you just try to do your recovery superficially. It's not going to work. You got to really get deep in there and it hurts. It's hard.
Katrina Groves: What you're describing is called aces its adverse childhood events and the studies have shown that 90% of people who use substances have had trauma in their past and pretty much 80% of people in America have had trauma, you know, watching
ROB: Right.
Katrina Groves: You don't have to go to ward have had post traumatic stress because there are little wars when when somebody murdered in front of you, wouldn't you know that's that's
ROB: Why I didn't think it bugged me there.
Katrina Groves: Keep that in your tissues. Oh, that's what these to say your issues are in your tissues. It's like, yeah.
Katrina Groves: So, you know, I'm glad that you have found that because you don't know how many people never find out. And then their lives. They're just miserable. They never really get to the core. So
Katrina Groves: What you're doing is, you know, you got to tell yourself, you know, Hey, good job, because you are walking the walk and you're figuring it out and and you're helping other people and it's never too late.
ROB: Yeah. Well, I, I'm kind of starting to see I it's hard for me to pat myself on the back, you know,
ROB: Just don't
ROB: You know, try to learn that, you know, I'm trying, I'm I'm giving it a shot. You know,
Katrina Groves: So you have another year of college or two years.
ROB: It might take me to go, year and a half. But I'll have my yeah because I want to do it. I ended up I was going to just get the A and that's it. But now I want to get it for transfer. So I'm I'm taking those excellent courses that I need to take. So I can if I want to go on. I can, yeah.
Katrina Groves: We have a couple people in group that I know. You don't know. But there's 123 and one of them's an older guy and he's got
ROB: I know
ROB: Yeah. Oh, he's going to humble.
Katrina Groves: Well, it depends which one we're talking about. But yeah, actually all three of them went to humbled at one point or another, I believe, but that's kind of
ROB: I got one in process. One of my friends here that that sees you, too. Yeah. Nice. I won't mention names.
Katrina Groves: That's okay. Yeah, we have to be HIPAA compliant.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, so my other question I guess was easy. We got stuck on the site part, but, um, do you feel still like, do you feel hopeless and worthless or is that gone away where you're feeling some hopefulness in your life and worthwhile.
ROB: Yeah, I feel Hope I feel
ROB: A little hope. But yeah, I get that way, it just it's constant like that, you know, but I'm kind of break through it. I take a walk. I got my dogs, you know, good.
Katrina Groves: That's what I was gonna ask you, what do you do for self care, you, you, you love the ocean you like water right
Katrina Groves: You still get up, you get out on the boats or what do you do for self care.
ROB: Oh, fishing.
Katrina Groves: Fishing.
ROB: Oh yes I'm behind your head you got some got some fishing.
ROB: Poles. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. I still do that. I haven't, I haven't actually for a year, though. I've been
ROB: Well, yeah, but I can't because I'm pretty booked up right now.
Katrina Groves: But
ROB: I get time for myself and my dogs get always yeah that's our first they they cost more than us. So
Katrina Groves: That's really true. Um, any allergies that you have. I don't notice on
Katrina Groves: Your list. You're not allergic to any medication.
ROB: No, no medications.
Katrina Groves: All right. And what pharmacy, do you use for prescriptions.
Ready.
Katrina Groves: Rite Aid in Crescent City. Oh, and where are you at with your script. Do you need it. Do you not need it. When is it
ROB: The 18th or something like that.
Katrina Groves: Oh, and what do you take now what dose.
ROB: Of the six a day.
ROB: Good for you. And then I want a two two and A two is what I take and um I think I think towards the summer, I want to come down again.
ROB: When I got the summer vacation, because I'm not going to take classes summer so I figured maybe that's a good time to cut back at least half alone, or maybe hopefully one that
Katrina Groves: Will so you used to take eight milligrams three times a day used to
ROB: Take like
ROB: A max. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: And then what what changed in your head to make you wanna drop down
ROB: Um, I just felt it was time and you know if it doesn't
ROB: I don't know, I just, I like that freedom. That's why I don't want to smoke.
ROB: Yeah, I've always been free and now I'm kind of like it's almost like, you know, not this so much but I look at a different. See, I would have looked at this is like when I'm on parole or
ROB: I gotta do this, you know, so yeah but it and I knew it wouldn't be as bad as it is. Everyone was pointing it out to be. So I just got on it and found out there. Pretty cool. So
Katrina Groves: Yeah, they are. And I think everybody here at bright heart is trying to help people navigate their lives.
Katrina Groves: And you'll meet Becca is the counselor that they assigned to me, and she's really cool, Rebecca, but I think she goes by, Becca. So that's kind of interesting because that's your
ROB: Yeah yeah
Katrina Groves: And she is awesome. So, you know, this is just an intake process and then
Katrina Groves: You'll do it like once I don't know, you could do once a month, but you got so much clean time. I usually get people on board and then they do every two to three months or something. I don't remember off. I was seeing you.
ROB: Once a month.
ROB: Every month. Yeah, okay.
ROB: Well, I mean, that was just because I didn't want to. I don't know. It felt weird not going there and I'm
ROB: Is
ROB: You know, so I figured, and you weren't there so I figured I didn't want to, you know, you said it's better to be safe, you know, start on occasion.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, I appreciate that and and it's good for you to oh did bright heart send you a peek up yet in the mail.
ROB: No, no.
Katrina Groves: Okay.
ROB: So they're going to send it, they sent it to, um,
ROB: To open door.
Katrina Groves: Oh, that's what they sent your lab work, probably not your
ROB: Best
Katrina Groves: Maybe they did. Well, I would call them back you know you have their bright heart number
Katrina Groves: Say, Hey, I didn't. I need a p cup and they'll mail it to your house and then don't open it. You just have to call them when you're going to pee. It's kind of weird, that's going to make you feel like probation probably
ROB: Yeah, that's what I did. But she said she said something I'll check that For sure, because that's the way it was it first and then she said, when we call you got two hours to go to
ROB: To open door. Okay.
Katrina Groves: Maybe I got no way of doing it.
ROB: I don't know. Well, by now, though. Yeah, because that's what I read, when I was when I was getting it that you got a cup and you had to open in front of them and all that.
Katrina Groves: I am learning to this is all new to me. But at least I don't have to drive all the way back.
ROB: No doubt.
Katrina Groves: I can take this with me wherever I go.
ROB: To right
ROB: Right, yeah. Yeah, actually, that does it frees me up a little too. That's the way I looked at it.
Katrina Groves: So two milligrams three times a day and you're needing the refill when
ROB: I'm I think it's on the
ROB: 18th 18th. I'm good till the 18th, for sure.
Katrina Groves: But would you like to join your first group. Do you want to be the 16th of March, because I don't have anybody I i'm really booked up Monday the ninth but or no, wait, yeah. The night. What are you doing on the 16th.
ROB: Is that a Monday. Yes I Only I go to school on Mondays and Wednesdays from 350 to 515
Katrina Groves: So that's what we talked about maybe MONDAY THE 16th put me on your calendar for 530
ROB: Or 545 45 that's okay.
Katrina Groves: That's fine, but you have to check in. You got to call a number and then they'll do a quick check in and then they'll put you on the group. So the sooner you can
ROB: Okay. Yeah. Cuz it'll take it to probably takes me 1015 minutes to get here from the
Katrina Groves: story's
ROB: Going so. Okay, cool.
Katrina Groves: So march 16 and then that way. I'll get your prescription. I asked everybody how they're doing. And I asked who needs scripts and you'll tell me that you'll need one because that'll be right before the 18th
Okay.
ROB: That works.
Katrina Groves: Okay and labs drug screens dose pharmacy. I think I got everything I need.
Katrina Groves: I'm trying to go down my checklist here. Thank you so much for being patient and
Katrina Groves: I'm really glad to see that you're doing well and I'm
ROB: Glad I got on your group.
ROB: Me too.
So fun
Katrina Groves: You will, you will see some people in group that you haven't gone to, I mean, you know, that's the only downside is then suddenly. Oh, who are all these people
ROB: From here, all around. Is it some people
Katrina Groves: Don't like that right now. I'm just doing Denmark clients.
ROB: Yeah. OK, cool.
Katrina Groves: If that's okay if there's somebody that you find that gets that's in the group with you that you're like, Oh, I can't be in group with them just
ROB: Please taper.
Now you let me know.
Katrina Groves: There's a problem.
ROB: Well you know I pretty. I know people I've met people at school and to buy it. Yeah, there's people around. But, you know,
ROB: I can tell they're doing their thing. They're doing a good thing. So
Katrina Groves: That's right.
Katrina Groves: All right, Robert.
Katrina Groves: Well, you have a good weekend don't study too hard and I will
ROB: See
Katrina Groves: You on the 16th.
ROB: Wednesday. Okay, thank
ROB: You to
Katrina Groves: You know how to hang up.
ROB: Yes, I do.
Katrina Groves: Okay.
Katrina Groves: Nice guy. So what did I not
Katrina Groves: What did I need to say
Katrina Groves: Exam. So I'm trying to do the minute mental status exam.
Katrina Groves: Level of stress was
Katrina Groves: Is moderate he's got quite a bit of stress in his life.
Katrina Groves: Patient was alert and oriented times threes and no acute distress. He had normal concentration
Katrina Groves: And no evidence of any memory problems. He did. He does have some anxiety.
Katrina Groves: caused him to forget his train of thought or words and especially when talking about his post traumatic stress.
Katrina Groves: He got pretty anxious
Katrina Groves: But cognitively intact.
Katrina Groves: Motor he is not fidgety you know tremor no psycho motor agitation. Oh, I said mood and effect. He was somewhat anxious, but the displayed normal range of
Katrina Groves: Emotions during the session full expressions of feelings.
Katrina Groves: He did. I think you got that described himself has
Katrina Groves: A little hopeful, but at times. Still some depression.
Katrina Groves: Poor self esteem issues. He was casually groomed peered state at age normal body habitus speech was normal rate volume and coherence thought process linear and logical content. Content also normal no signs of auditory or visual hallucinations.
Katrina Groves: No delusions, no evidence of psycho sees good insight and self reflection.
Katrina Groves: good judgment. No suicidal ideation.
Katrina Groves: We did family history surgical history social history.
Katrina Groves: I did a good review system and it was pretty complete
Katrina Groves: I guess the only other thing on exam was that
Katrina Groves: actually give you some labs from the clinic.
Katrina Groves: Had was a traumatic normal so phallic he did have a scar from a recent epidemic keratosis that was frozen his peoples are neither dilated nor pinned normal hearing. There was no audible wheezing shortness of breath.
Katrina Groves: Skin with some scars on the right knee.
Katrina Groves: Otherwise no jaundice.
Katrina Groves: So assessment.
Katrina Groves: Number one is, let me see if I can
specifics here.
Katrina Groves: opioid dependence in remission.
Katrina Groves: Gosh, stable, long term remission over four years now going on five
Katrina Groves: nicotine dependence.
Katrina Groves: Mild
Katrina Groves: The opioid was rather severe, by the way.
Katrina Groves: Hypertension, which was controlled with current regimen.
Katrina Groves: Depression.
Katrina Groves: Which is
Katrina Groves: Moderate
Katrina Groves: In
Katrina Groves: Partial remission.
Katrina Groves: With medication.
Katrina Groves: Number. Next is social anxiety disorder again intermission on medication PTSD.
Katrina Groves: In partial remission.
Katrina Groves: Neuropathy peripheral neuropathy.
Katrina Groves: Actin at keratosis ease and then colon polyps. So the medical diagnosis can go at the end. Those are addressed with his primary care provider Dan Leffler PAC at dark me health center is mental health diagnoses managed by Dr. Chou, I believe at CH you at a via telemedicine at
Katrina Groves: Delaware County mental health and
Katrina Groves: I had his medications listed
Katrina Groves: So I will be seeing him on the 16th of March, and who need a prescription at that time.
Katrina Groves: All right, let me get ready for the next person.
Katrina Groves: Ok. The next is going to be no Shola Darul Date of Birth to 1871
Katrina Groves: Also a community health center client see me for well over three years, she started the swaps on program in March, March 10 of 2014
Katrina Groves: She's had several relapses on methamphetamines actually
Katrina Groves: Throughout the years,
Katrina Groves: And now let's join me here. Same monologue. I always do, which is
Katrina Groves: This is history and physical intake first opioid use disorder in remission.
Katrina Groves: Pre bam I guess was administered
Katrina Groves: A salmon expert reviewed risk and protective scores also reviewed her cures report California cures report, which was appropriate.
Katrina Groves: Good morning.
Katrina Groves: I see a blank screen.
Shola: Good morning.
Katrina Groves: Hi Shola I hear you but I can't see you.
Katrina Groves: It says iPhone.
Shola: Weird
Katrina Groves: There should be a little button somewhere on the bottom that says video. Sorry, but you gotta, you gotta let me see your smiley face.
Katrina Groves: There you
Are
Katrina Groves: Are you in bed still
Oh my god.
Katrina Groves: I figured, I'm like, there's no way she's showing up. This is too early for her.
Katrina Groves: That with myself and I I lost the bet.
Katrina Groves: Because here you are.
Shola: Here I am.
Katrina Groves: Awesome. Okay, well thanks for coming in or thanks for showing up. Thank you.
Katrina Groves: Alright, so this is like, I know you've been through a lot of intake stuff, but this is like the last hurdle that we do a talk and I do your whole history. And then after that we can start doing groups together.
Shola: Okay.
Katrina Groves: And that does not mean that you still don't go to group but Tony's you got, do you still go to Tony's groups.
Katrina Groves: How often would you say
Shola: Well, I've been out I was out about two weeks has been cheese.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, let me see.
Katrina Groves: Oh my gosh.
Katrina Groves: Thank you. Apple why
Shola: Gosh, it was
Awful.
Shola: They pulled 12 teeth and then sent me out the door with fake teeth and blood just dripping down my into my shirt and
Shola: Then it like ripped
Shola: On my mouth the gums part the bottom London and
Shola: Gosh, I still don't know how to eat with them or anything. I'm just learning how to talk and
Shola: I try to eat, but I'm so sore from the the
Shola: Digging in on my gap.
Shola: So anyways, I'm today that's a better day
Katrina Groves: I'm surprised that they put in the teeth already. Usually they let your gums heal up a little bit, but
Shola: I'm not the desk.
Katrina Groves: What do I know
Shola: Why I don't know which way is better.
Katrina Groves: Wow. So, um, so you took
Katrina Groves: The pain medication, then the Percocet, for a couple of days. How did that work.
Shola: It was a lifesaver.
Katrina Groves: Did Frank help you
Shola: Yes, he is. Give it to him daily
Katrina Groves: Okay, how many did you take
Shola: I took all of them.
Katrina Groves: Well, I mean, how many, how many
Katrina Groves: Dead 234. How many did you get a day.
Three. Okay.
Katrina Groves: Good. Now, are you back on Suboxone now.
Katrina Groves: Yeah. Okay. And how long you've been on back on it.
Shola: Yes, ma'am.
Katrina Groves: How long have you been back on this about some
Huh.
Shola: Yes.
Katrina Groves: Know how, how long have you been
Shola: Battle
Katrina Groves: How many days.
Shola: Um,
Shola: Three.
Okay.
Katrina Groves: All right.
Shola: You to be honest with you, I didn't stop.
Katrina Groves: You didn't have to Suboxone
Katrina Groves: No. Okay, I'll be honest, is always the best
Katrina Groves: Do you think that the percocet worked them because usually you got to drop the Suboxone down a little bit to get the effect of the Percocet.
Shola: Well, I was only take a little bit. And yeah, it did work. Okay.
Katrina Groves: I mean, that's perfect. That's actually what I tell people to do is just to drop this
Shola: About something
Katrina Groves: But not to go off it. So that's fine.
Shola: That's what I thought you would want me to do that.
Shola: I didn't know for sure. So I just went, but we did the last time.
Katrina Groves: Good.
Katrina Groves: Alright so let me. Um, if you're ready, let's dive into this
Katrina Groves: Let's just start with your allergies to regular medication. I know you have a bunch. Right. Can I just go through them because I
Shola: Think my allergies have changed because
Shola: When I had my operation. Then he used iodine.
Shola: Hmm, and
Shola: Yeah.
Shola: He said he wanted to do it. He wouldn't go like inside of me or anything that they want to, you know, clean me I guess what they use it for
Katrina Groves: That's a different kind of allergy, if you if you ate eat shellfish, you still might be allergic, but using iodine on your skin might be different.
Shola: Right, so
Katrina Groves: Remind me what your surgery was again.
Shola: For the incontinence.
Katrina Groves: For the bladder.
Shola: Left. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: How is that going, by the way.
Shola: It's, it's, um,
Shola: It's like 75% better
Katrina Groves: That's excellent.
Yeah, okay.
Katrina Groves: So since we're on surgeries. Let's. Well, we were on allergies, we're going back and forth.
Katrina Groves: Okay, so what about allergy to amoxicillin. Do you still have that
Katrina Groves: Still in a box so
Shola: I would say no.
Shola: You would say, No, I don't know, Dr. Morales, because
Shola: I don't even know if I'm allergic to a milestone because
Shola: Whatever they gave me in the hospital for group be strapped
Katrina Groves: Right.
Shola: They gave it to me intravenously, and my throat swelled up
Shola: And so
Shola: I'm not sure if it was amoxicillin. I don't think it was, I think it was like a penicillin or something.
Katrina Groves: Okay, that's still in a penicillin. I just wouldn't do any penicillin derivatives. If I were you because
Shola: It would be
Katrina Groves: Risky so and also on your chart is
Katrina Groves: Tramadol and we know you had twitching and and jerking and like seizure kind of activities. So that's a no no right.
Shola: Right.
Katrina Groves: And then oxy beating and that's a bladder medication or you you had nausea. With that, I don't know if that's a real allergy.
No.
Katrina Groves: Okay, any other allergies, you can think of.
Katrina Groves: Any others. Tell me about your surgeries. Oh gosh, man. Get back into here. I got two charts going I keep looking to the left because I have your Denmark chart. And then this one.
Shola: The
Katrina Groves: Surgeries you have had you had breast reduction surgery, when was that
Shola: breast reduction in implant was
Shola: Was my record say
Katrina Groves: It doesn't. So it's all right. You don't need to know
Katrina Groves: To tell me, did you didn't you have anything else like gallbladder or
Katrina Groves: No, nothing. No other broken bone. No other surgeries.
Shola: No. Okay.
Katrina Groves: And then we go to any hospitalization, gosh, you've had some hospitalizations right for
Shola: Attempt
Suicide.
Shola: One.
Katrina Groves: Was that an OD or
Katrina Groves: Yeah okay and any other hospitalizations for major illnesses or injuries or
Shola: Know this, when I had the seizures and they took me to our the pseudo Caesars they took me to and they flew me out.
Right.
Shola: Size in the hospital and like Portland, OR Eugene report when
Katrina Groves: Okay, and
Katrina Groves: Do you have an IUD stow
Yep.
Katrina Groves: Wasn't that do to get out like last year.
Shola: Yeah, I got a new one.
Katrina Groves: Oh, good.
Shola: I am
Shola: I tested positive for
Shola: Human Papilloma Virus. No.
Katrina Groves: Oh, that's right, you did for so your pap smear HPV. Yeah, so your pap smear was Ivan. Also, what are they doing about that.
Shola: And Justin do anything about it.
Katrina Groves: Okay. And when did you get your Marina put in
Shola: And
Shola: I got it down.
Katrina Groves: Your last one was due out before July last year, but I don't know if you waited to the last minute, or if you went in a few months before was it, spring, summer, fall, winter.
Shola: Cash, it seems like it wasn't that long ago, um,
Shola: I think Dr. Peter did it.
Shola: Oh,
Katrina Groves: I just don't see it in your chart.
Katrina Groves: I'll just put them replaced
Katrina Groves: So, that's okay.
Okay.
Katrina Groves: And to Dr. Peter, do your pap smear as well.
Shola: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: So let me look under your lab, see if I can find it.
Sure, Ed.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, that was October.
Katrina Groves: 2019 a typical so
Katrina Groves: HPV. So she's probably going to want to repeat that in six months or a year. Right.
Shola: She's not my primary Joshua's
Katrina Groves: Oh, good. Okay, well, it needs to get repeated in a year just
Shola: A year. Okay. All right.
Katrina Groves: And then so go through your family history for me again to. I know it's kind of early in the morning for this that
Katrina Groves: The things that run in your family that I need to know about is your mother living
Katrina Groves: Yes, and does she have high blood pressure, heart disease, what kind of medical problems.
And
Shola: I she
Shola: She was she went through the heroin. The
Shola: But he called that.
Shola: Hepatitis
Katrina Groves: Oh, Pepsi.
Shola: Yeah, and seek. I think she's clear now to
Shola: Do that. Yeah.
Shola: I'm nothing on her side.
Katrina Groves: About depression or substance use for her.
Shola: Preferences.
Katrina Groves: And what does she use
Shola: Definitely
Katrina Groves: What did she use
Shola: Your frozen.
I now.
Katrina Groves: What did she use what substances.
Shola: I think she did it all heroin.
Katrina Groves: She clean and sober now.
Yeah.
Shola: Long time
Katrina Groves: Nice and your father.
Alive.
Katrina Groves: And when did he die.
Shola: Oh,
Shola: Probably about
Shola: 10 years ago.
Katrina Groves: Was that heart disease or
Shola: Overdose or
Shola: What happened well
Katrina Groves: Alcohol. That's right.
Katrina Groves: And does alcohol run in your family.
Katrina Groves: I'll call a BS to
Shola: My dad.
Katrina Groves: How about you, do you drink.
Shola: I've been. I've stopped drinking
Katrina Groves: When did you stop.
Shola: I've been sober for two weeks.
Shola: But I don't drink.
Shola: I don't drink.
Shola: Like my, my dad I drink.
Shola: On occasion for, you know, if I'm going out or whatever. So, but
Shola: I do. I just don't want to drink anymore.
Katrina Groves: That's what got you in trouble right you got a
DUI.
Shola: Exactly.
Katrina Groves: Tell me about your DUI how, where are you adding the status of that.
Shola: I just got my license back
Shola: And I have a little bit more community service to do
Katrina Groves: That was quick.
Upbringing
Katrina Groves: Do they make you blow in the little tube to get your car going
Katrina Groves: Oh, I know you're frozen now.
Katrina Groves: Now you're frozen debate. Don't you have to break glow in the tube to drive your car. They didn't make you do that.
Shola: No cuz been it was happening, July, so it's been what, nine months.
Shola: Okay, I could put any time.
Katrina Groves: And maybe not drinking sounds like a good idea for you.
Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Alright, so back to your family history siblings sisters or brothers.
Shola: And my brother was an alcoholic. And then he got in a car wreck and he's been clean since and
Shola: My sister has multiple DUIs
Shola: And driving you know I'm just drinking. So they both have drinking problems.
Katrina Groves: Runs in your family.
Katrina Groves: Yeah. Is there other substance abuse, besides alcohol in your family besides your mom. Anyone else pick up heroin or that you know have
No.
Katrina Groves: And when is the last time that you used the math.
True.
Shola: True.
Shola: Um, it's been, I don't even remember the last time.
Katrina Groves: I know you had a relapse, gosh, no. Was it in October.
In 2000
Katrina Groves: I think it was October last year.
Katrina Groves: I get wrong.
Shola: Is on my records if it's a clean
Katrina Groves: I have a new clean date. Oh no, that was 2019 two years.
Katrina Groves: I don't remember it. I just remember
Katrina Groves: You struggle, off and on with it. You're on it for a while and then you're able to get off and then you get back on it again and then you're getting off. So I just, I don't know if you have that in your head about when the last time you used math. Has it been over six months.
Yes.
Katrina Groves: You think it's been a year.
Katrina Groves: Two years.
Shola: No. Okay.
Katrina Groves: What do you think was your
Katrina Groves: Your main drive to do that.
Shola: And it was comedy combination of things and sex.
Shola: Mm hmm. And
Shola: Association or whoever I was around
Mm hmm.
Shola: So,
Shola: It's out there prevalent.
Katrina Groves: Playing with your lighter are you still smoking.
Katrina Groves: Yes. Oh.
Shola: And trying to get back. I have an appointment on Tuesday with Josh and let me get the Chantix
Katrina Groves: Is. Have you been on that before Shola
Shola: Yeah, I have. It works really good
Excellent.
Katrina Groves: I think that'll really help Chantix is like Suboxone for nicotine works great.
What does
Katrina Groves: Alright, so we've done with your family. Now you've not been employed for a while. Correct. What tell me when you're last. Are you on disability permanently now.
Yes.
Katrina Groves: And did they put you on disability because of which diagnoses.
Shola: I don't know. I don't know. They
Shola: I think it was combination of everything.
Katrina Groves: So did you get a diagnosis of bipolar disorder at some point.
Shola: Yeah, I've been did, yeah.
Shola: Okay.
Katrina Groves: Bipolar one and I know you have panic attacks and anxiety.
Shola: Yes, I most definitely do.
Katrina Groves: Got
Shola: PTSD.
Shola: Mm hmm. Um,
Shola: I started with agoraphobia to I really have a hard time leaving my house.
Mm hmm.
Shola: But
Shola: I can't think of anything else.
Katrina Groves: So how have you been able to get out of the house are you
Katrina Groves: You know, you do it when you have to now.
Right.
Shola: What I have to, I leave
Katrina Groves: Do you have a mental health person you're working with at all because I don't remember if you're seeing Vinnie or mental health or the telemedicine.
Shola: Know there's a newer guy at the clinic has has been
Katrina Groves: Oh yeah, Greg and Glenn or something like that, or I don't
Shola: Gather and I saw, I saw the one guy.
Shola: But we didn't really click like
Shola: Hmm. I mean, we got along that we didn't
Shola: Like he's quiet and I'm quiet.
Shola: Oh, do
Shola: He's waiting for you to talk
Shola: Yeah, and that's like it doesn't work. So I was gonna ask, Tony. If I could sign up for
Shola: His husband.
Okay.
Katrina Groves: Good idea. Um, what about the breast mass you had a breast mass at one point that was years ago, right. Did that get all followed up on
Shola: I had an I just had a
Shola: Probably about six months ago I had a breast. I had a
Shola: Spot or a lump in that they did a
Shola: breast exam.
Shola: Okay, so, and I'm good. And it was fatty tissue. Good.
Katrina Groves: And do you still have ulcerative colitis.
Katrina Groves: Your bowels.
Shola: Not right now.
Katrina Groves: But it comes and goes.
Yes.
Katrina Groves: How about migraines.
Shola: Yes.
Katrina Groves: I'm just going down your chart here. Do you still have swelling in your legs.
Again,
Katrina Groves: And you don't have high blood pressure. Do you
Shola: I don't think so. Okay.
Katrina Groves: Else's on here. Oh, the pseudo seizures, those have kind of resolved right now that you know what they were.
Shola: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: All right and and who's doing your medical diabetes pre diabetes, are you, are you still borderline for diabetes or what's happening with that.
Yes.
Katrina Groves: And then you have shoulder pain, still do. Did you have that rotator cuff tear on your left is how is that
Shola: Um, it's still there that I just is something I have to live with, because that doctor. He's like, unless you're ripped, you know, I'm not doing surgery.
Katrina Groves: Well, that's bad. That's so wrong.
It's weird.
Katrina Groves: And then do you still have
Katrina Groves: The
Katrina Groves: stomach problems.
Katrina Groves: Heartburn, reflux, things like that upper GI
Shola: Yeah, I just had to get
Shola: Medicine. The other day that
Katrina Groves: Okay, so let's go through your meds. I know this takes well
Shola: I don't know my meds, so
Katrina Groves: I have your left.
Shola: Right. Okay. So do you still take that
Katrina Groves: There's a Duke lacks in case you get really constipated. Do you still take that
Shola: Somebody gave you a prescription. Okay.
Katrina Groves: And that's five milligrams once a day as needed.
Shola: Mm hmm.
Katrina Groves: And then I have you on potassium. Do you still take that
Shola: I believe so.
Katrina Groves: So you must be on a water pill to you take Lasix your mind. Okay, so the Lasix is 20 milligrams a day with the potassium, which is an eight milligram
Katrina Groves: And how much Xanax, do you still take
Shola: And I'm down to one.
Shola: Day.
Shola: Whoo. Yeah.
Shola: You said you
Katrina Groves: One milligram right
Katrina Groves: Yep. Nice and the Suboxone you're still taking eight
Katrina Groves: To are you down to three yet. Are you still at three and a half or where are you
Three.
Katrina Groves: Three is good and you don't sound happy about it.
No.
Katrina Groves: What do you think
Katrina Groves: Does it okay I put it in a different way. Does it keep you from craving the narcotics.
Shola: Kiss me yeah keeps me in line.
Katrina Groves: Otherwise you would be going off the line.
Yeah.
Shola: Definitely
Katrina Groves: And any side effects from the Suboxone does it make you constipated, or you have enough bowel issues to know the difference.
Shola: No, not really. Okay.
Katrina Groves: And then do you still take the Ambien
Shola: I take it one day a week I get one pill a week.
Katrina Groves: Wow.
Katrina Groves: So how do you decide, man. We're really like putting you in a box. Hmm.
Katrina Groves: You need you need those boundaries and how do you decide what day that Ambien is going to be used.
I you
Shola: Know I usually take it on a day where I have to get up early.
Katrina Groves: For like
Shola: A group. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: So how often were you going to group before your dental problem.
Shola: And
Shola: That once a week.
Okay, if
Shola: I just
Shola: I just without a car. It was really hard to get to her. I mean,
Shola: And I had to do other things. So I have to you know get my rides for for other things and then
Shola: Frank went back to work full time or not full time, but when
Shola: He went back to the same place. He was
Shola: Retiring
Katrina Groves: For him huh
Shola: He can handle Mina home, nothing to do. So, um,
Shola: Yeah, so he went back to work. And so I didn't have him to give me a ride. My mom works and anyways but
Katrina Groves: Your car back now.
Shola: I got my car back now. Excellent.
Katrina Groves: Are you still taking the Wellbutrin for depression. The 300 milligram
Shola: Yes. Okay.
Katrina Groves: And then Cymbalta as well, or is that when gone
Shola: Gosh, you don't
Katrina Groves: Do locks, a team. It was one for like pain and fibromyalgia. The Wellbutrin is more for smoking. I don't know if you're doing both or you don't know
Shola: I think I'm doing both. Okay.
Katrina Groves: And you still take your Eunice Tom
Shola: Yes.
Katrina Groves: How many a day do you think every night.
Shola: Every night.
Katrina Groves: And the Chantix you're going to start on that. How about Abilify. Do you still take that
Shola: I think so.
Katrina Groves: Is your new doctor prescribing all this, or your new Pa.
Katrina Groves: Or does he feel comfortable with that.
Shola: And he, I think he is willing to do whatever that the psychiatrist or the Talmud.
Katrina Groves: Good.
Shola: Because it tells him that is what's working with me, I'm trying. Honestly, to get off of some stuff.
Katrina Groves: Oh that's right you are doing. Tell him in psychiatry, I forgot. Yeah, I'm really glad that you're doing that because this is pretty you know you're on a lot of meds. And I think that's a great idea to try to get down to just what you need.
Right.
Katrina Groves: So you're not feeling. Do you feel sometimes kind of spacey groggy out of it.
Shola: No I mainly shake
Shola: All the time. And I jerk.
Shola: And that
Shola: That part of it. I am over
Shola: I mean, I'm a shaky person. Anyways, but
Katrina Groves: But you want to, you think some of your medications are doing that.
Shola: I don't know.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, you're so you're really frustrated with that one.
Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Okay.
Katrina Groves: And you're on your cholesterol pill. The Lipitor. It looks like yep and you take Advil ibuprofen for
Shola: Pain as needed. Yes.
And
Katrina Groves: Nice staten cream for yeast infections on your skin.
Shola: That's her
Shola: Yeah, I've got a whole bag of that green stuff. OK.
Katrina Groves: Ok and Paxil, I think you've got off of that one, right.
Shola: I got off to something
Katrina Groves: Axel. I think it was
Katrina Groves: And you still take metformin, which is that pre diabetes medication glucose.
Shola: Yes. Okay.
Katrina Groves: And then you use a puffer yeah
Katrina Groves: You have
Shola: To
Katrina Groves: Do you have emphysema yet or
Katrina Groves: No asthma.
Shola: No, I just have
Shola: Smoking
Katrina Groves: Smoking. Yes, that's, that's kind of emphysema is creeping up on you if you're having to use a puffer
Shola: Okay.
Katrina Groves: And Topamax I think you're off of that one, right, that was long time ago.
Shola: To breath. Okay.
Katrina Groves: All right. I think that's your meds.
Katrina Groves: So I want to
Katrina Groves: Go through you're
Katrina Groves: Just kind of head to toe physical stuff and you just say yes or no. This is like in the last few weeks, have you had any Fevers or chills.
Katrina Groves: At night. Oh really.
Shola: Yeah, yes. The last two days.
Shola: I had chills and
Shola: I couldn't get off the toilet.
Shola: But then it all went away and the doctor did get the dentist schema Z pack.
Shola: Because
Shola: My glands swelled up
Okay.
Shola: So I took that Z pack. And I think that's what killed my I might have been getting the flu.
Shola: Or it could be a combination of
Shola: The meds. Sure, I don't know, but I'm
Shola: I'm not. Yeah, I'm not chilly today so
Katrina Groves: You know what probably happened is when you had your teeth pulled all that bacteria from your mouth. God in your system. So you were probably sick from from bacteria in your blood. So that's
Katrina Groves: Really a lot of teeth to get pulled at
Katrina Groves: Once so I'm glad he gave you antibiotics. I was smart.
Shola: Well, yeah, he didn't give them to me by I made them given to me.
Okay.
Shola: Not that it matters.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, it does matter. So other than the than the fevers and shills for that you don't normally have night sweats, or do you still have night sweats, even when you're not sick.
Shola: And no, not, I don't really have nice folks.
Katrina Groves: Because you're 49 you're not having periods anymore. Right.
Shola: I'm still periods.
Katrina Groves: Wow. Well, welcome to menopause soon.
Shola: It's going to be coming on.
Shola: Thank you.
Katrina Groves: Oh, you're welcome. So enjoy it without night sweats, while you can.
Katrina Groves: So do you have any, do you feel like you have to
Katrina Groves: Pee all the time. Oh, that's hard with your bladder but signs of diabetes when you have to drink a lot. You're thirsty lot. You gotta pee all the time is that none of that.
Shola: Um, I think I'm pretty normal when it comes to be in
Okay.
Katrina Groves: And any change in your vision Shola like do you deserve your eyes seem blurry or
Painter
Katrina Groves: Isn't
Shola: I know to learn
Shola: And not pain, but I'm
Shola: Like oh, it was a headache in my eyes. I don't know how to explain it huh
Katrina Groves: Have you been checked for glaucoma. Did you go see the eye doctor
Shola: No, I need to go see the doctor.
Katrina Groves: Put that on your list.
Okay.
Katrina Groves: Um,
Katrina Groves: How about your ears any difficulty with pain in your ears or drainage or hard of hearing.
Know,
Katrina Groves: How about your nose, your throat.
Katrina Groves: Any sores on, you're not including your teeth, but I'm
Katrina Groves: Like trouble swallowing or cold sores.
Shola: No.
Shola: nosebleeds know
Katrina Groves: And how about your neck any pain or stiffness in your neck.
Shola: I'm know in my shoulders.
Katrina Groves: Okay, do you have a lot of stress there like tightness.
Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Um, any lumps in your I know you like you said you have lymph nodes in your neck. Are those down now.
Shola: Yeah.
Shola: Yeah, okay.
Katrina Groves: So any trouble. You just said with your breathing sometimes do you have shortness of breath or coughing up anything
Katrina Groves: Yes. Okay.
Shola: It's from the smoking. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Is it clear, pretty much cough or not, it's not green or yellow or
Shola: No. Okay.
Katrina Groves: Any wheezing to like
Shola: Not that heavy if I like go to sit down or getting to bed. I have some but it's from smoking.
Katrina Groves: You are right, Dr Shola
Katrina Groves: Smoking also affects your heart. So do you have any trouble with chest pain or pressure in your chest.
Katrina Groves: Palpitations, where your heart beats really fast.
Katrina Groves: Yes. Is that from anxiety or do you know
Shola: I don't know.
Katrina Groves: Do you have trouble like
Katrina Groves: Getting out of breath when you try to walk.
Shola: Yes, but I'm added shape to
Katrina Groves: Right, that's true. Um, so do you have trouble like waking up in the middle of the night like not been able to breathe.
Shola: And sometimes
Shola: I, I think I should wear the mask.
Katrina Groves: Oh that's right you have sleep apnea.
Shola: I forgot about
Katrina Groves: When did you get diagnosed with that.
Shola: Um,
Shola: I don't know.
Katrina Groves: Someone do a sleep study on you.
Know,
Katrina Groves: Well, how'd you get the mask. Usually, they have to do a sleep study to get
Shola: No, I don't have the mass
Katrina Groves: Oh, you don't have one.
Shola: Okay.
Katrina Groves: So do you snore at night, then I
Shola: Door and I stopped breathing I yes
Katrina Groves: And your partners have told you this
Katrina Groves: Right. Okay. So, yeah.
Katrina Groves: Look at your list of things to do to get to talk to your doctor about getting a sleep study. There's your soda for the morning. Whoo hoo.
Katrina Groves: What is it, let me look at that.
Shola: Diet Pepsi.
Katrina Groves: All right, at least it's diet.
Katrina Groves: I got ICT
Oh,
Katrina Groves: Alright, so what was the thing I was asking you to tell your doctor.
Shola: Sleep study
Katrina Groves: What was before that.
Shola: I appointment.
Katrina Groves: Oh, your eyes. Good. Hey, I'm just seeing if you're paying attention just seeing if you're awake.
Shola: I am
Katrina Groves: All right, you are any swelling of your legs. I know you've got varicose veins, a little or no.
Shola: No. Okay, good.
Katrina Groves: Now, like swelling know veins.
Shola: I have swallowing and my legs but it comes and it goes okay
Katrina Groves: And then, have you had any trouble with your skin as far as being dry or itching or changes in your skin.
Shola: I have dry skin, I have the dry skin in the world.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, and that's like, why you try not to take showers to. I know.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, um, any new
Shola: Guys have been having problems with my feet.
Shola: And when I step on my
Shola: The pad in the back.
Shola: And
Shola: It hurts like I go to get up and then it feels like it's like pulling the tendon kind of rolls off. I don't know how to explain it.
Shola: Nice and
Shola: That's that has been happening within the last couple months.
Katrina Groves: Is it just on your heel. Then, or is it
Katrina Groves: All bottom of your foot.
Shola: Now just on my heel heels.
Katrina Groves: Heels. Is it burning pain.
Shola: Is it burning reminds me of like a sports injury or something.
Shola: Like that pain.
Katrina Groves: Is it burning or more achy sharp
Shola: Probably sharp. Okay.
Katrina Groves: You could have plantar fasciitis. So
Shola: Right, that
Katrina Groves: And that's hard when you're overweight and you, you put all the weight on your heels all the time. I think swimming would be a great activity for you, but I don't see you get in the pool. Why is that
Um,
Shola: No, but I did get
Shola: I have a
Shola: Application and on Tuesday. I'm going to meet with Josh and I can go into the Diabetes Awareness Program. So
Shola: They'll pay up to $200 for me to go to gym by me shoes.
Shola: So,
Shola: Because I'm pre diabetic I qualify
Shola: Awesome. So I'm going to be going to the gym again.
Katrina Groves: You always. Yeah, you do. Well, I think that was one of your good self care things right when you went to the gym, you felt better.
Yes.
Katrina Groves: Great. Let me see what your last one see was, you know, you keep those numbers in your head when when they check that blood test for diabetes.
No.
Shola: I don't think it's very high
Katrina Groves: Yeah, I don't think you've had one in a while. Oh, here's one. Wait, where's that this was gosh last year's 5.8 so you need another one. See you need another lab test for diabetes. I'm making a list for you. You better make your own. I'll put high
Katrina Groves: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Oh, good.
Katrina Groves: Well, compare list at the end.
Katrina Groves: That's great for the gym now. All right. Where was I
Katrina Groves: I was down to skin.
Katrina Groves: So how about abdomen. Any problems with we already kind of talked about this, nausea, vomiting,
Katrina Groves: Abdominal pain.
Shola: Nope, I
Shola: Just heartbreak just heartburn and
Shola: I've been throwing up every morning because because my teeth.
Oh,
Shola: Just dry heaving because I don't have any food in my stomach.
Shola: Oh gosh, that's awful. But that doesn't have anything that's just a gagging I gag a lot, even before before my teeth. I knew it was going to be a problem because I gagged
Shola: Back then, I don't know what it's about why I get so much
Huh.
Shola: Anyways, no semi problems.
Katrina Groves: When you take your Suboxone does that do the same thing under your tongue does it make you want to gag when you have it in your mouth.
Shola: No. Interesting.
Okay.
Katrina Groves: Um, but you don't have any blood in your stool or black poop or anything like that.
Katrina Groves: Our dm dm is
Shola: I think I haven't him like okay
Katrina Groves: No burning when you pee, though no blood in your urine.
Shola: No.
Katrina Groves: No burning pain with your p
Shola: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: And then, tell me about your, your muscles and your strength. Are you having trouble with weakness in any part of your body arms, legs.
Shola: Just my feet.
Katrina Groves: The feet. Yeah. And how about your back, your low back is that ok
Katrina Groves: Oops, I lost you there you are.
Shola: Sorry, sorry, sorry. Um,
Shola: I have lower back pain, but I think it's because of my weight. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Do you take ibuprofen for it every now and then.
Katrina Groves: Yes. Okay. And so, neurologically you don't have any more fainting spells or passing out spells.
No.
Katrina Groves: And headaches. Yes, you have migraines.
Katrina Groves: Yes, and the tremor, you know, it makes me think you could see a neurologist for that.
Katrina Groves: On your list but but if the tremor bothers you, I know you've had that a long, long time. And I don't think it's just related to anxiety. It might be kind of a little bit of Parkinson's thing. Maybe they could give you some medication for that to help that tremor.
Shola: I thought one thing
Katrina Groves: I thought at one point I put you on a beta blocker like propranolol or atenolol or something.
Katrina Groves: Okay, so there are pills. Put that on your
Katrina Groves: Your list. I know you're trying to get rid of pills. But if the main thing that bothers you, is that tremor.
Katrina Groves: I would talk to your doctor about getting on.
Katrina Groves: propranolol or Inderal or a beta blocker of some kind.
Shola: Beta.
Katrina Groves: Beta.
Katrina Groves: Blocker yeah
Katrina Groves: All right, and so as far as your we talked a little bit about your mood.
Katrina Groves: Your sleep is still kind of bad
Katrina Groves: Or is it okay with what you're doing now.
Shola: Now, I still wake up in the middle of the night, or I can't turn my head off or
Okay.
Shola: I mean, I would love to be an Ambien seven days a week.
Shola: Right. I'd get used to it. Are you know that so
Katrina Groves: Exactly. Um, do you have any hallucinations, seeing things that aren't there hearing voices that aren't there.
No.
Katrina Groves: Suicidal thoughts recently.
Shola: No.
Katrina Groves: That's a good one because I know you were suicidal in the past so
Shola: Yeah, that was hard for me to swallow right now.
Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Alright, so now I want to go to your history of your past drug use and I know they did part of this already, but
Katrina Groves: What's your memory of the first thing you ever used substance wise as a kid.
Shola: Marijuana
Katrina Groves: And how old are you,
Shola: I was in sixth grade. So
Katrina Groves: Wow.
Shola: Well, in this hang in your bedroom. It's really easy to kit.
Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Okay. And then what did that lead to after the marijuana. What was next.
Shola: The alcohol. Alcohol.
Katrina Groves: Mm hmm. And then what was next after that.
Shola: And
Shola: I really
Shola: I didn't do any well in high school I did coke.
Mm hmm.
Shola: A couple times, um,
Shola: Mainly alcohol and then
Shola: Because I was a witness for a Jehovah Witness for so long. I didn't purchase fate, anything like that. Um, but I knew I was addicted to
Shola: Viking in because I would have teeth work done, or whatever.
Shola: I'm just using that as an example, and I'm
Shola: I would take more than you know i mean i would mess with my pills, but I wasn't
Shola: Using using until
Shola: I got with norm, then we started taking
Shola: The Viking in and then
Shola: Methadone
Shola: And
Shola: oxy
Shola: Anything till wise.
Shola: And
Shola: Then after Norman I split up.
Shola: And I got in program, but the Viking problem. And then I've tried math. Three. Three times
Shola: I mean, I've
Shola: What do you call it not withdraw.
Shola: I use
Shola: Math.
Shola: And
Shola: I'll pause always been there.
Shola: I know Jen heroin or any of that.
Katrina Groves: No IV drugs.
Shola: No.
Katrina Groves: And did. Did it have an impact on your, your work at all. I'm
Katrina Groves: Using as you were
Shola: And I didn't work. When I was using
Katrina Groves: What about. Yeah.
Shola: Wait, I was working at lunch. I'll and yeah it affected me definitely
Katrina Groves: Any legal troubles about then that you got into
Katrina Groves: Any record. No, no, probation, nothing.
Shola: That's good. Nope.
Katrina Groves: And
Katrina Groves: So, did you ever go to a program before you came to the Suboxone to try to get clean
Shola: No, I tried to get clean on my own.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, how many times do you think
Shola: Probably about four times.
Shola: It's pretty tough. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Right.
Katrina Groves: So looking back on those times.
Katrina Groves: Are you, how do you feel your life is going now.
Katrina Groves: In recovery.
Shola: I'm still struggling
Shola: That I know
Shola: I know if I reach out, you know, then I'll be okay and stay accountable. I mean, if I was just doing this program. I don't want to say this is recorded. Hmm.
Katrina Groves: No, you can say whatever you want.
Shola: It goes away from me days. Okay.
Shola: If I was just doing this program, I would probably you because
Shola: There's no accountability.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, I've heard that before and bright heart. You know, we have a really I think Tony's group and at Del Norte is is
Katrina Groves: Better, it's always better to have a one on one. So I agree with you.
Katrina Groves: But, you know, bright heart is a good organization to and they're trying to reach people as best they can. So I think it's better than not having anything
Katrina Groves: Right, and the fact you guys are really lucky because you can do both. And I hope that that's what I want to make sure you understand is keep going to Tony's. This is just a way for you to get meds without having me to come to California.
Right.
Katrina Groves: So no
Shola: I'm okay with it.
Katrina Groves: Okay. Um, what was I gonna say, oh, and how's your daughter, Lauren. Is she still with you, or did she move away or she's still going to school.
Shola: She um. She's with me. She's working
Katrina Groves: That's right. She had a boyfriend or something.
Shola: She got engaged.
Katrina Groves: Oh my
Shola: Gosh, he's in New York, he's
Military
Shola: And he won't be home for a year. So
Shola: Sure.
Shola: She or he flew to New York once since I'm so cute.
Oh, how fun
Shola: So, yeah.
Katrina Groves: She making money for
Shola: Travel. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: You haven't heard from her in a while.
Shola: No we we live together here. Yeah.
Shola: Okay. Sounds good. She loves me every day.
Katrina Groves: That's nice. How about your other daughters.
Shola: And I think they're busy with their own lives, um,
Which is
Shola: What
Katrina Groves: Which is really as it should be. It's hard for moms, though.
Right.
Katrina Groves: So what are some of your coping skills that you have, you know, because your daughters won't always be there. And I know that's been scary for you because you've been
Katrina Groves: A mom and and that's defined you quite a bit. What kind of things do you do for yourself. Do you still do your, your beating or artwork or
Shola: Not. No, I haven't been doing eating and I'm hoping the jam will help
Shola: And being
Shola: It'll help. I hope it will help. And I've been doing community service that's helping
Shola: I applied at the St. Vincent.
Shola: And
Shola: They didn't. They didn't take except me or whatever they choose some other girl but
Shola: Least I was getting out there and trying, you know exactly
Katrina Groves: And I think once you get better after your teeth start feeling better year just keep on
Going
Katrina Groves: Okay. So when does your prescription for Suboxone need to be refilled.
Shola: Question.
Shola: I have two refills.
Katrina Groves: Oh, man. You're like star.
Shola: Till July.
Shola: 21. Wow.
Katrina Groves: How did you get to refills in July. Oh my gosh.
Shola: No till till July.
Katrina Groves: So when
Katrina Groves: Hmm. And what pharmacy. Do you go to
Walmart.
Katrina Groves: So I'd like to see you in group, but I'm not sure which Monday. Do you want to make it
Katrina Groves: It'll be so I'm doing groups now after this intake, you will do my groups on a Monday evening from 545 till 645 ish
Katrina Groves: So you can pick a Monday. If you got a calendar.
Katrina Groves: In the next few weeks. It does not have to be actually, I hope it's not this Monday, because I'm already really booked.
Katrina Groves: Is there anyone in particular that you like to be in group with
Shola: From very busy.
Katrina Groves: I know but there might be somebody that you enjoy that you like. Like, is there any special person woman person that you kind of bond with or you don't care.
Shola: Um,
Shola: No, I don't care one. Okay.
Katrina Groves: So you can do the 16th or the 23rd or the 30th. What day is best for you for March.
Shola: Or do you want me
Shola: And you yeah
Katrina Groves: All right. Do you know when, in July, your script is going to be do
Know,
Shola: What
Shola: It says may refill two times by 721 to 2020
Katrina Groves: Alright so let me have you do this 16th of March.
Katrina Groves: Which is not this Monday, but the next Monday.
Shola: Okay.
Katrina Groves: Got that on your calendar.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, and try and come around five check in at 530 it'll be a different room and they have to do little questions before they let you in.
Katrina Groves: But that'll give you a few minutes early.
Shola: So they'll remind me to write
Katrina Groves: I don't know. I think so.
Shola: Okay.
Katrina Groves: And they had up in a cup yet over the
Phone now.
Katrina Groves: And how about
Shola: I'm really bad about checking my mail. So I'm going to work.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, you'll have to work with them to say, hey, can you guys just call me when you send it out or you call them and they can tell you exactly when they sent it when they mailed it
Katrina Groves: And you're also getting them done at the clinic, so that's good. Did they have you do lab work as well. Already right heart.
Katrina Groves: That they tell you to get labs, they
Shola: Probably will
They'll do that.
Katrina Groves: That at the clinic.
Katrina Groves: Okay. You did awesome. That was a long hour for you to wake up to I
Shola: Was. Nice to see you.
Katrina Groves: Nice to see you. Oh, I forgot to ask about OB history. How many times were you pregnant.
Katrina Groves: For any miscarriages abortions.
Shola: No. Okay.
Katrina Groves: And any implantable devices like metal that's in your system from anything clips or
Shola: piercings.
Katrina Groves: Oh just piercings that's external nothing inside your body.
Shola: No. All right.
Katrina Groves: Alrighty, so I will see you on the 20 know on the 16th at 530 ish
Shola: Okay. I love you.
Katrina Groves: Love you, to glad to see you. I'm glad your teeth are better. So figure out how to stop yourself because I got somebody at 11 so
Shola: Okay, okay.
Shola: See you later. Okay, bye bye
Katrina Groves: You gotta stop your phone.
Katrina Groves: Hang up your phone.
Remove her
Katrina Groves: There. Alright, so she's kind of a wreck.
Katrina Groves: So diagnoses are opioid dependence severe in remission long term remission actually
Katrina Groves: PTSD.
Katrina Groves: Panic disorder anxiety disorder with a Gora phobia severe obesity.
Katrina Groves: A lot of time here. I'm meth amphetamine use in remission over one year alcohol abuse early remission nicotine dependence.
Katrina Groves: She on exam. She was quite unkempt. She just was in bed at the first part of the video.
Katrina Groves: She was alert and oriented time screen now acute distress suicide risk was probably low not not zero. She had difficulty with concentration and had some memory problems.
Katrina Groves: With her medication seemed to be some short and long term memory issues. She did have a tremor was fidgety her mood was quite anxious and historic she had a little bit of
Katrina Groves: He had some range of expression of feelings, but it was diminished not not full expressions of her feelings.
Katrina Groves: somewhat muted. I already said she was not well groomed. She's obese her speech was halting
Katrina Groves: But coherent.
Katrina Groves: Normal volume her thought processes were
Katrina Groves: Mostly linear and logical somewhat tangential normal content no hallucinations audio auditory or visual or delusions were noted no evidence of psychosis during the visit.
Katrina Groves: Insight and judgment were intact self reflection.
Katrina Groves: Intact
Katrina Groves: Or self reflection is good.
Katrina Groves: did pass medical history.
Katrina Groves: And then at the end, she's going to her other issues medically was to see her doctor to get a sleep study for snoring her I doctor
Katrina Groves: A doctor for heel pain get workup for diabetes and a one see and get to the gym for exercise possibly referral to a neurologist for tremor with those will all come through her primary care doctor so there's nothing for us to do. She will be
Katrina Groves: She has her prescription for Suboxone until July her next visit with me will be on the 16th, as we said at 545 and that's it.
Katrina Groves: But I don't see your face so you gotta do a little thing. There's something that says video
Layla strnad: Okay.
Katrina Groves: Far as your smiley face.
Katrina Groves: Wow, you look good for being a mom times to
Layla strnad: Yeah, how are you
Katrina Groves: I'm well how is your baby.
Layla strnad: Or. She's good. She's big chunky.
Katrina Groves: How old is she now.
Layla strnad: She's seven months.
Katrina Groves: Oh my gosh, I don't think I remember the last time seeing her
Layla strnad: Right, yeah, she's a big girl now she wears two t
Katrina Groves: Oh my
Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Well, thanks for being here is your honey watching the kids a minute. So we have about 45 minutes to go through all this stuff.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, okay. So were you already in bright heart with someone else or or did you just get signed up.
Layla strnad: No, I just did the transition with Tony
Katrina Groves: And you have any questions on how it's going to work or
Layla strnad: I'm not really
Layla strnad: I feel like
Layla strnad: Well then, but I'm not sure. I think I'm filled in, but I'm not sure.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, it's kind of new to me too. So
Katrina Groves: We just kind of learned together.
Katrina Groves: So what I'm going to do is kind of goes through your
Katrina Groves: How you got
Katrina Groves: Started with your addiction and work our way through medical stuff and
Katrina Groves: It should, like I said, Take about 45 minutes
Katrina Groves: When did you first remember starting any substance use, I'm HOW OLD WERE YOU WERE YOU like eight years old or 10 or 12 or when did your substance you start and with what thing.
Layla strnad: It started out 12 and it was with methamphetamines
Katrina Groves: Whoa, you didn't mess around.
Katrina Groves: He didn't start with just pot or alcohol.
No.
Layla strnad: Okay.
Katrina Groves: And then how did it progress from there.
Katrina Groves: What happened after that.
Layla strnad: Um, it was on and off for a while and then
Layla strnad: I ended up earning until like oxy cotton like 20 and I was taking those that are ran out, and then
Layla strnad: I was told that heroin was the same thing. So that's when I heroin addiction began
Katrina Groves: And that was a 20 or
Katrina Groves: And you did IV or snorting are
Layla strnad: No, just smoking.
Katrina Groves: Smoking no ID. No.
Okay.
Katrina Groves: Started. Did you ever try any other recovery groups before the Suboxone
Layla strnad: I tried to do an odd, but I was just so far into my addiction that I didn't have. I didn't have the power to do outpatient and queer
Katrina Groves: Did you do in patient
Layla strnad: Yeah I did impatient. Oh, yeah. And then after a while. I had already started. I did this boxing group for a while and then God referred me out to rehab.
Katrina Groves: And how long were you in rehab.
Layla strnad: 30 days.
Katrina Groves: Did that work for you.
Layla strnad: Yeah yeah
Katrina Groves: And when you got out God
Layla strnad: Um, yeah, I went to rehab and then I came home.
Layla strnad: And just continue doing my ad groups and go into Suboxone and I haven't had relapse or nothing.
Katrina Groves: On right and joined our group, I think august of 2008
Katrina Groves: And then we have in January. And then, what's your clean date, THEN JANUARY 20 I wasn't sure.
Layla strnad: No, um, I went to rehab in February.
Layla strnad: Pretty sure February 17
Okay.
Katrina Groves: And so was that your clean date that you think of in your head. Yeah. Wow. So you're
Katrina Groves: Two years clean now.
Katrina Groves: No one.
Layla strnad: Years, I have a sobriety camera on my phone here.
Katrina Groves: saris how many so how long
Layla strnad: It's almost it's over a year.
Okay.
Katrina Groves: I lost my picture again.
Layla strnad: Or sorry, I was trying to find it in my sobriety calendar, but
Katrina Groves: Well, congratulations.
Layla strnad: Thank you.
Katrina Groves: Do you feel better. I mean, the dumb question, but how has your life changed.
Katrina Groves: On the drugs off the drugs.
What's up,
Layla strnad: I feel like I'm a different person.
Layla strnad: I got my kids back my relationships, healthy, I could maintain paying my bills were stable.
Layla strnad: Yeah, it's changed to 100% early
Layla strnad: It's awesome. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Do you think about, you know, it's normal to have that thought in your head when those thoughts come up. Do you think about how do you squash them. How do you
Katrina Groves: How do you, how
Katrina Groves: Do you even have the thoughts of using again sometimes pop in your head.
Layla strnad: I do, I do sometimes I'm playing the tape through is a big thing like just remembering how fast it would take me back.
Layla strnad: And then just looking at my kids really
Layla strnad: Because if I use they'd be gone.
Layla strnad: Right.
Katrina Groves: Now you they were in CPS is a CPS case before
Layla strnad: Yeah, Reagan was in CPS um but in a way I never they never was able to open a case with her.
Katrina Groves: And I know that
Katrina Groves: Any other substances, you said math and then marijuana as well or no.
Katrina Groves: No alcohol.
Layla strnad: No.
Layla strnad: No alcohol.
Katrina Groves: I hear them talking. No. No. Ben says no.
Katrina Groves: Anything else
Katrina Groves: When's the last time you use math and was it at the same time you quit the narcotics.
Layla strnad: Yeah, maybe a couple days before I was mainly like heroin isn't my main addiction. I could go without nice but is probably like the same time.
Katrina Groves: So any other medical problems that you have Layla, I'm looking at your chart a little bit, but do you have like you don't have diabetes, you don't have high blood pressure. Do you have any other medications you take thyroid
Or
Katrina Groves: Have you been hospitalized for any reason. In the past in your life.
Layla strnad: And no, no.
Katrina Groves: No overdose. No. Well, you're hospitalized for your kids.
Layla strnad: Right yeah from birth.
Layla strnad: Okay.
Katrina Groves: How many babies pregnancies.
Katrina Groves: To know miscarriages or abortions.
Katrina Groves: Nope, okay. And your partner is also in recovery.
Yeah.
Katrina Groves: How long does, does he have
Layla strnad: He has a little over. He's a month, more than me so he has over a year.
Katrina Groves: Damn. Don't you hate that.
Layla strnad: Yeah.
Layla strnad: He
Katrina Groves: Doesn't gloat about that on that month.
Layla strnad: A little bit, yeah.
Not there.
Katrina Groves: Okay. And he has a job now to right
Yeah.
Katrina Groves: So any other illnesses that you've had, like, Oh, let's see. Pneumonia asthma.
Layla strnad: No, no.
Katrina Groves: No surgeries gallbladder appendix tonsils.
Layla strnad: Oh yeah, I had my tonsils removed, um,
Layla strnad: But that's about it. I had stitches put in me when I was like 12 years old.
Katrina Groves: What was that about,
Layla strnad: Um, I was taking out the trash and cut my ankle open with a piece of glass.
Katrina Groves: All right, I'm just looking at your other clinic chart. I have two screens going at once so
Okay.
Katrina Groves: So now I'm getting to family history. We're. What do we, what do you know about your family or your mother still living.
Layla strnad: Yeah, my mother still have been my biological father is in prison right now.
Layla strnad: He suffers of addiction, um,
What kind
Layla strnad: Of mess.
Layla strnad: And alcohol.
Katrina Groves: Have you seen him.
Layla strnad: Yeah. He came down, he just recently went to prison. He was, he came and saw me when I was in the hospital and having a daughter.
Katrina Groves: Oh, do you still have a good relationship with him.
Katrina Groves: And somewhat stressed.
Layla strnad: On and off I it's one he wants to show up. I feel like
Layla strnad: You have a connection. I mean, always love him, he's my dad.
Mm hmm.
Katrina Groves: How about your mom.
Layla strnad: Mom were very close
Layla strnad: Your life she's really supportive. She's
Layla strnad: She doesn't really struggle with addiction, kind of, I guess I'll call
Layla strnad: And she's like 17 days clean up our call today.
Katrina Groves: Wow, you need to give her a call.
Layla strnad: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Go hang out with grandma.
Katrina Groves: With the kid is she excited about the babies are
Layla strnad: Yeah, she's actually going to come over tonight and cook dinner for us.
Layla strnad: Nice. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: So she have any medical problems, diabetes, heart attack, stroke, depression,
Layla strnad: Anything, not that are more. No. Okay.
Is there.
Katrina Groves: Do you feel like you have depression, anxiety, I mean everybody that uses drugs kind of gets down on themselves. But have you ever taken medication for that.
No.
Layla strnad: Okay.
Katrina Groves: Any other so siblings do you have brothers or sisters
Layla strnad: Yes. Um, I have four brothers and sisters, or six, I guess.
Layla strnad: Whoa, yeah. To on my dad's side and inform them.
Katrina Groves: Any medical problems mental health problems or substance abuse problems.
Layla strnad: And no substance abuse for any of them.
Layla strnad: My little sister has hydrocephalus
Katrina Groves: Oh hydrocephalus of the brain.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, bless her heart was she born with that.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, so she had like cerebral palsy. She's not all there or is she active and
Layla strnad: Now she's involved in sports and she's like, way, way above her grade average. She's just selling really well she's doing
Layla strnad: Yeah.
Layla strnad: Where does she live. She lives with my mom.
Okay.
Layla strnad: Yeah.
God, what
Layla strnad: Are you say
Katrina Groves: Oh, so what's your mom still working.
Yeah.
Layla strnad: She is, she works at the high school. I'm
Layla strnad: In some sort of program. She's like the supervisor.
Layla strnad: I think it's for like employing kids are like helping kids with that have trouble in school and stuff like that.
Layla strnad: But she get into the workforce and stuff like that.
Katrina Groves: So she have somebody coming in and watching your sister or your sister pretty independent them.
Layla strnad: Know my sister is in high school. She's a sophomore in high school.
Layla strnad: Yeah, and she's, she's just like the rest of us. She doesn't really need help with anything.
Katrina Groves: Okay. You sound like you're sniffling you have a cold.
Katrina Groves: Yeah. Ah.
Katrina Groves: That
Katrina Groves: So, um, any other substances that you have that you're using. Do you smoke nicotine.
Katrina Groves: Yes. Okay, and you don't drink alcohol, I assume.
Layla strnad: You know, and you're
Katrina Groves: Living with your boyfriend.
Yes.
Katrina Groves: And do you have a job right now, or did you
Layla strnad: Know,
Katrina Groves: What did you use to do. I know used to work somewhere.
Layla strnad: And I've worked in the lily bald fields.
Layla strnad: All right, and then I'm housekeeping, a little bit.
Layla strnad: I did try it out. Recently, but I just couldn't handle it not worth their new baby.
Katrina Groves: Girl is like
Layla strnad: It was just too much on me. Okay.
Katrina Groves: Well that's good that you're able to with your boyfriend making money than you guys are guys are okay.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, financial financially, a little
Katrina Groves: Give yourself some time to stay home with the kids. If you can, that's, that's nice.
Right.
Katrina Groves: Okay, so let's see, where am I am
Katrina Groves: I'm just going to go down a list of like head to toe about how you're feeling in the past week or two. So, for example, any Fevers or chills with your cold that you've got
Katrina Groves: No, no. Night sweats, or feeling like cold intolerance or anything.
Or
Katrina Groves: Fatigue, you're probably tired. Hi, I'm going to guess being a mom, but do you feel like you get enough sleep at night.
Layla strnad: Um, yeah, actually I do play. Okay. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: But do you feel like you're tired or not.
Layla strnad: Really
Katrina Groves: Wow, you're the only mom, I know that doesn't get tired.
Katrina Groves: Anyone weight gain or weight loss.
Katrina Groves: That you've had recently.
Layla strnad: I don't pay attention to her way to know. Okay.
Katrina Groves: And he signs of diabetes like peeing all the time thirsty, all the time. Can't get enough water.
No.
Katrina Groves: Trouble with your eyes. Any blurry vision.
Layla strnad: No.
Katrina Groves: Double vision.
Katrina Groves: No redness.
Katrina Groves: Or pain or tearing of your eyes.
You know,
Katrina Groves: Any trouble with hearing
Layla strnad: No or
Katrina Groves: Any drainage from your ears are ringing in your ears.
Layla strnad: Know,
Katrina Groves: How about, nose, throat, you've got a little stuffy nose right now. It sounds like. But any sinus pain.
Layla strnad: No, I'm just like congested ahead. Right. No, but it seems like it's going away. Good.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, when you smoke to it keeps your body from getting the mucus out as much. So drink tons and tons of water steam your face, keep you from getting a sinus infection.
Katrina Groves: Do you have difficulty swallowing at all.
No.
Katrina Groves: And any hoarseness in your voice.
Layla strnad: I don't think so.
Katrina Groves: You always have kind of a deep voice.
And yeah.
Katrina Groves: Any dental problems. A lot of people have tooth pain.
Layla strnad: Yeah, I recently had a tooth fallout.
Layla strnad: And the rotors. Oh.
Layla strnad: Yeah it to get into Dennis, but so I have pain every once in a while, from that.
Katrina Groves: Oh yeah. The roots are exposed
Layla strnad: Yeah, that's hard.
Katrina Groves: Be careful. Sometimes those can get infected and they can spread throughout your face. It's not not good.
Katrina Groves: I know the clinic does have if you go in at like 730 or 1230 in the morning or right before their afternoon at 1230 you can sit and wait and they will try to squeeze you in. If there's a no show or a cancel.
Katrina Groves: Okay, so I don't know if that works for you, someday that you could have your mom or I know you got people you got your kids with you. So that may be challenging.
Layla strnad: In your I need to try to do on a
Katrina Groves: Hot. What would you, how would you get your kid some
Layla strnad: Of my sisters pretty
Layla strnad: Cool about letting like watching them when I have groups and stuff like that. So if I really need to go and she watched them. Okay.
Katrina Groves: So maybe that would be good on your list to do that for your tooth. Get it pulled
Katrina Groves: Do you have pain with that. Do you do you take ibuprofen and Tylenol.
Layla strnad: Yeah, if it hurts. I usually take Tylenol or ibuprofen.
Katrina Groves: And you take no other medications, no still soft owners or
Katrina Groves: You know, not just take a nausea pill. I don't know what that was for maybe that was your in your kid pack or something.
Layla strnad: Yeah, probably.
Katrina Groves: And your Suboxone is eight milligrams, you do three times a day.
Yeah.
Katrina Groves: And how's that working out for you.
Um,
Layla strnad: I've been kind of waiting to meet with you. I like, I don't know if I need to go up a dose or not, but I've been having more crazy than I usually have lately.
Layla strnad: Um,
Layla strnad: And then I feel like I like if I don't if when I wake up I still like I have, like, I don't think it's from my cold. I think it's just from meeting to take my medicine, but I feel like I get the chills are like the withdrawals, I would from not taking
Katrina Groves: Hmm. So, what time do you use take your last box on at night.
Layla strnad: I take it, usually around like six or seven
Layla strnad: I take my first one. When I wake up and then I take one around lunch. And then I take the other one at six or 7am
Katrina Groves: What time do you wake up.
Layla strnad: I wake up at
8am.
Layla strnad: And
Katrina Groves: Then you take another at noon and then six so
Katrina Groves: It seems like it's not spaced out very far. Have you tried to wait until
Katrina Groves: Two o'clock or so to take your second dose why noon.
Layla strnad: I don't know. That's what I'm used to. Sometimes I do I don't pay attention to the time and I end up taking it when I start feeling like I need to take it like
Layla strnad: I know that, like, I don't know, I just get the feeling like I start getting chills are super cool.
Layla strnad: And it's
Layla strnad: About to take my Suboxone and
Katrina Groves: So do you put it onto your tongue for long enough. You're not accidentally swallowing it or or
Layla strnad: I don't know if I do it right or not, like when I stick it under my tongue and I just I don't swallow at all, but it feels like I have a ton. This bit like under my tongue like I can't talk to nobody, or nothing.
Layla strnad: My I just wait and wait until I and then I wait 10 or 15 minutes and then I just spit it all out. I see orange and respite. Sometimes I don't know if I'm supposed to see that or not.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, sometimes you will see a little orange. I just wonder if you're one of those people to get so much saliva that it ends up not getting absorbed under your tongue right
That's what
Katrina Groves: Yeah, so
Katrina Groves: Did you ever try sub solve instead. That's the mint flavored one it dissolves quicker. It's not as much saliva. Sometimes it helps to change the type of Suboxone that you're taking. There's different brands.
Layla strnad: Are nurtured it
Katrina Groves: Because to me, I think that you don't sound like you're getting it absorbed really well.
Katrina Groves: So, and the other problem is I think you need to try and be on a schedule, which is probably hard but
Katrina Groves: scheduling your kids that can be helpful for them to it's like okay this is a time for breakfast is the time for lunch. Here's dinner, you know, if you can schedule your family time and then schedule your Suboxone around that.
Katrina Groves: To be like every eight hours because it shouldn't once you're on Suboxone and if you're taking it regular. It shouldn't be like this up and down. So I, it makes me think that you're just not getting it absorbed really well.
Katrina Groves: Okay, one option you can do too is a lot of people are. We're going to the shot, which sounds like not fun. Maybe, but there is a shot gets the Suboxone shot. It's a same stuff. It just goes in your skin of your belly like a demo shot. Did you ever get demo before for birth control.
There.
Katrina Groves: So it's once a month. And what's nice about it is it stays it steady state, and you don't have to take strips at all.
Katrina Groves: And it's in your system for a whole month and you don't have any withdrawals. You don't have any up and down. It's pretty awesome. So it helps people. I would not ever give it
Katrina Groves: Well, Never say never, but it's more for people that have been stable on Suboxone for a while and they're just tired of doing this because it reminds them of using because it's a strip in your mouth, you know, three times a day.
You're
Layla strnad: Here. Sounds pretty crazy sounds better than districts, though.
Katrina Groves: Does it
Katrina Groves: Yeah. So do you still see Tony, do you still go to group.
Layla strnad: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: How often would you say
Layla strnad: I go once a week every Friday.
Katrina Groves: Oh, good for you. So are you going to be able to do my groups telemedicine. It'll be Monday nights, which I don't know how that works in your schedule, but it'll be like 545 to 645 ish
Layla strnad: Yeah.
In the evening.
Katrina Groves: Okay. And when do you need your prescription or did you just get it.
Layla strnad: No, I need it.
Katrina Groves: You do need it. Are you out like today.
Katrina Groves: Yeah. Oh, dear. Did you get one this morning.
Layla strnad: I haven't took one yet. I just go ahead with my appointment this morning.
Katrina Groves: Wow, you must not be feeling good. So you should take it every morning, you know, eight o'clock in the morning just first thing to do.
Katrina Groves: So I think that I can switch you to sub solve, which is the mint flavored one if you want to try that. Maybe it worked better for you.
Katrina Groves: Okay. And I think it's covered
Layla strnad: On just
Katrina Groves: What pharmacy. Are you at
I'm at Walmart.
Katrina Groves: And so the milligrams or different just don't panic about it because instead of, instead of eight milligrams to box on it's 5.7 of sub solve. And the reason is because it's a lot more
Katrina Groves: It gets absorbed better and it's stronger. So the eight milligrams Suboxone only about six milligrams gets in. If even that sometimes just five so that it's equal the the five seven of the sub solve is equal to the aid of the Suboxone in case you notice
Katrina Groves: Okay, so do you want me to just give you a week to try it, or just do a month and
Layla strnad: Um, I don't care. Whatever you think stress.
Katrina Groves: I think you'll like it better. I think I'll do a month.
Layla strnad: And her and
Katrina Groves: Mike or whoever can always call me if there's some problem with the insurance.
Katrina Groves: But I think they'll cover it.
Layla strnad: Okay, okay.
Katrina Groves: Um, where was I got stuck down here somewhere. We're respiratory
Katrina Groves: How far down did I get I got stuck at your nose or
Katrina Groves: Any neck pain or stiffness or lumps in your throat. No.
Katrina Groves: Trouble wheezing coughing short of breath.
No.
Katrina Groves: Chest pain or pressure, heart palpitations.
Katrina Groves: No swelling of your legs varicose veins. No.
Katrina Groves: Trouble with your skin being too dry, itchy.
Layla strnad: No.
Katrina Groves: Hair loss or new models that you've got that were you
Know,
Katrina Groves: Stein problems, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, constipation,
Katrina Groves: Ladder near school
Katrina Groves: No abdominal pain, heartburn.
Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Trouble urinating with burning when you pee or paying too much or blood and urine.
No.
Katrina Groves: Problems with your muscles or your bones. Any problems with your back, your knees, your hips, your shoulders.
Katrina Groves: Know any weakness.
No.
Katrina Groves: neurologically any tremors or fainting spells.
Katrina Groves: No burning pain in any of your feet or numbness or tingling in your extremities.
No.
Katrina Groves: Headaches to get headaches.
Layla strnad: Headaches pretty frequently
Katrina Groves: Wow. So what kind of headaches are they
Layla strnad: I don't know, um,
Layla strnad: It's like
Layla strnad: I don't want to say it's up in my forehead and down below my head.
Layla strnad: Okay, I normally
Layla strnad: I'm
Layla strnad: At least once a day, I have a headache.
Katrina Groves: Um, what do you take
Layla strnad: I take Tylenol and take four 500 milligram channel.
Katrina Groves: Every day.
Layla strnad: Usually or ibuprofen, I try to take ibuprofen, but it doesn't feel like it works the same as the town.
Katrina Groves: So you could be having some rebound headache, it's not normal to have a headache every single day.
Katrina Groves: So it might be good to who's your doctor at the clinic or do you have one
Layla strnad: Right, don't have the last person I ever saw is dr dikes and she doesn't
Work.
Katrina Groves: You don't have any Indian blood to you because she's right next door at the Indian clinic.
Layla strnad: Or no, okay.
Katrina Groves: Please put it on your list of things to do, because it's hard.
Katrina Groves: You got to be a good mom. It's hard to be a good mom if you're suffering with stuff yourself so you got your tooth.
Katrina Groves: And then maybe get an appointment with the doc at the clinic and just say, have had these headaches and and talk to them because
Katrina Groves: Sometimes headaches or caffeine withdrawal. Sometimes they're, they don't doesn't sound like a migraine, like you're vomiting with it or you have to lay down right
Katrina Groves: So it's probably a tension headache, but that's not okay to be having a headache every day, you should get it checked out.
Layla strnad: Okay, okay.
Katrina Groves: And so where was I so in your mood, you feel like, do you have, what's your mood today. What would you say your
Katrina Groves: Your usual mood is like how you're feeling
Around
Layla strnad: I don't know. I'm fine.
Katrina Groves: So you don't feel sad. You're not anxious, you don't feel depressed.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, okay. And you said your sleep was fine.
Yeah.
Katrina Groves: You don't feel any feeling of hopelessness or depression like postpartum depression. Some people have
Layla strnad: No.
Katrina Groves: And no hallucinations, you're not seeing things that aren't there.
No.
Okay.
Katrina Groves: And we did medications allergies. What kind of allergies to any medication that you know about
Layla strnad: No, I don't have any allergies. OK.
Katrina Groves: And then so okay I got a call in your prescription. Then I'm going to do some solve at Walmart and we'll do three a day and I want you to really do a schedule like eight in the morning and then like
Katrina Groves: Two in the afternoon, and then like a 10 1112 12345678 like 8pm. What time did you say you were taking your Oh a nighttime dose at
Layla strnad: Six or seven. Yeah, it's
Katrina Groves: Probably too early. I think you need to take it closer to bedtime, unless it makes you hyper I would take it like more like eight or nine
Layla strnad: Yeah, that's why I think I take it because it does make you hyper
Katrina Groves: Oh, okay. So you then you can't sleep at night.
Layla strnad: Right. Yeah, it's really hard to go to sleep.
Okay.
Katrina Groves: You should also. So the second thing to do would be go to group and ask Daria and Tony about getting the shot the sub blockade shot because it's going to give you a good level, not doing this so much. Your, your metabolisms choose it up last you
Layla strnad: Ask the secretary
Layla strnad: Okay. Well, what were you saying
Katrina Groves: About the sublet cage shot to try to go to ask Daria oh as dairy and Tony
Layla strnad: Okay. Oops.
Katrina Groves: asked him about the shot.
Layla strnad: All right.
Katrina Groves: And did you already get blood work done through bright heart and a urine test.
Katrina Groves: That they mailed you are not
Layla strnad: Okay. Okay, tell me to go
Katrina Groves: They want you to go the clinic.
Katrina Groves: Yeah okay, that's fine. So can you join me
Katrina Groves: Would this Monday be too short notice to come and do group with me on that night Monday night.
Layla strnad: No, that's fine. Okay.
Katrina Groves: That way I'm trying to make it match up with when you need your prescription and if we do the ninth and then it'll be 1234 weeks would be the six of April.
Katrina Groves: And then your prescription will be do that week. So I'm trying to get people on when their script is due, and you've been getting a month at a time. Right.
Yeah.
Layla strnad: Okay, or no, I've been getting two weeks at a time. Sorry.
Katrina Groves: Oh, wow. I wonder why. I mean,
Katrina Groves: Did you have even have a relaxed or
Layla strnad: Anything.
Layla strnad: Well, I haven't. It's me calling Darya and asked her, I just haven't, I haven't asked to get like a bigger skip out of time or nothing could be more convenient but
Katrina Groves: I just do it.
Katrina Groves: Guess what, I'm going to give you a month.
Katrina Groves: Are you still there.
Katrina Groves: Hello.
Katrina Groves: Did I lose you.
Katrina Groves: Oh, can I still. Are you there.
Katrina Groves: Are you there.
Katrina Groves: I know I can hear you, though.
Layla strnad: Can you see me now.
Katrina Groves: I can't see you, but I can hear you. So I'm going to get you a month of prescriptions. Okay.
Katrina Groves: Okay, but I hope you like it. That's the only downside. If you don't like the sub solve, then maybe I should only give you two weeks, then you can try it because what if you hate it.
Layla strnad: Right.
Layla strnad: Can you see me now.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, I can see you.
Katrina Groves: So shall we do two weeks of the sub
Katrina Groves: Solve and give it a try, and then decide later.
Layla strnad: Do
Katrina Groves: Sorry.
Katrina Groves: I said,
Katrina Groves: Shall we give you two weeks at a time of the sub solve since its new
Layla strnad: Yeah, okay.
Katrina Groves: I'm gonna let you go because it's really bad reception. But thanks for spending the time and I'll see you on come around 530 to check in with bright heart at 530 on Monday.
Layla strnad: Okay.
Layla strnad: Okay. All right.
Katrina Groves: All right, you have a good day.
Layla strnad: You too.
Bye bye.
Layla strnad: Bye.
Katrina Groves: Are you still there. Layla.
Katrina Groves: Dear
Okay.
Katrina Groves: Um,
Katrina Groves: Let's see.
Katrina Groves: Level of stress was
Katrina Groves: Moderate
Katrina Groves: Mild to moderate alert and oriented in acute distress my same
Katrina Groves: Psychological mini mental status exam, I guess.
Katrina Groves: Good cognition normal concentration normal attention span no evidence of memory loss shorter long term motor. There was no sign of any tremor, or psycho motor agitation could hear the kids in the background, but she was still able to focus
Katrina Groves: She was anxious, a bit effect.
Katrina Groves: She had limited expression of emotions during this session that was not dysmorphic
Katrina Groves: Somewhat reserved. She was well groomed, she appeared stayed at age normal body habitus speech was normal and rate volume and coherence thought process linear and logical thought content.
Katrina Groves: Normal non tangential know auditory hallucinations or visual hallucinations and delusions were evident during the visit, no evidence of psychosis.
Katrina Groves: Insight judgment and self reflection all intact.
Katrina Groves: And good
Katrina Groves: I said no suicidal ideation. We did pass medical history.
Katrina Groves: We did pass surgical history, I believe.
Katrina Groves: Or tonsils. We did family history. We did social history.
Katrina Groves: Only thing on exam that jumps out at me was, I'm
Katrina Groves: Actually not anything significant
Katrina Groves: suicide assessment was none so assessment is opioid dependence severe in remission.
Katrina Groves: Sorry, I got another person coming online.
Katrina Groves: opiate abuse.
Katrina Groves: Severe in remission one year clean time Nick nicotine.
Katrina Groves: Abuse or how is it that you were supposed to say
Katrina Groves: Actually nicotine dependence.
Katrina Groves: Cigarettes and it's moderate
Katrina Groves: No other
Katrina Groves: Diagnoses
Katrina Groves: Prescription for will be sent to
Katrina Groves: Walmart from seeing Crystal City, California.
Katrina Groves: Which from Suboxone tues upsell because of absorption issues.
Katrina Groves: Record recommend considering some blockade injections.
Katrina Groves: And again, I don't have eat the bright heart has not figured out how to get me the scribes working here. So I'm going to use. I'll call it in myself to Walmart. So nobody has to be that and we will come back home. I know she'll come back on for gripped with me at 535 45 on March night.
Katrina Groves: I'm pausing for the next person. I'm so thanks for coming. I feel like I'm on a marathon. Everybody shown up, boom, boom, boom.
Christina Frazee: It's all yeah yeah
Katrina Groves: I'm glad. How hard was it for you to get to this point as a lot of intake stuff.
Christina Frazee: Um, once I actually like sat down and did it. It wasn't that hard. It was just procrastinating and
Christina Frazee: I think the only part that I told with this because I have to take a copy of my
Christina Frazee: Partnership and a photocopy of my ID and stuff. And so, but 20 help me to that.
Katrina Groves: Okay.
Katrina Groves: So this is kind of an intake with me. And if and then we can do groups. After this, but this will take about 45 minutes an hour. It just depends on how much stuff. We got to get through.
OK. OK.
Katrina Groves: So how are you feeling I heard I I was excited because I saw you had a couple drug screens in a row that were negative, and then and then there was a Pepsi. So how long have you been clean now.
Um,
Christina Frazee: I don't know.
Katrina Groves: A day
Christina Frazee: Okay.
Katrina Groves: You got somebody else there.
Yeah.
Christina Frazee: It's doing kids. So we're gonna be leaving soon so
Katrina Groves: It's really better for you to be in a private place cuz we're going to be talking about some serious stuff.
Christina Frazee: Yeah. Um, well, I'm just she's outside if they come in the living room again. Then I'll go into another room because they're supposed to be leaving right now so
Katrina Groves: Okay, well let's start with something that's easier. Like I'm medication allergies. Do you have any allergies to any medication.
Christina Frazee: No. Okay.
And
Katrina Groves: Medication that you're taking right now.
Katrina Groves: Besides, or you're still on the Suboxone eight milligrams three times a day.
Katrina Groves: And what pharmacy.
Katrina Groves: Walmart. Okay. Did you need a refill today or
Christina Frazee: No, I just got one yesterday.
Oh, good.
Katrina Groves: So, um,
Christina Frazee: And then I'm on Zoloft hundred milligrams. And then I'm on the volume five milligram
Christina Frazee: Good.
Katrina Groves: Now, this is all laughed. One and a half tablets are you just taking one
Christina Frazee: Missing one but um when I was talking to Tony yesterday she, she's like you need your depression meds up because I was just a wreck. And I was like, I think I'm supposed to be taking 150
Christina Frazee: I think that's what I
Christina Frazee: To go up to, but I'm so I'm going to do that because
Christina Frazee: I'm just having a hard time right now.
Katrina Groves: Sorry to hear that.
Katrina Groves: So do you have
Okay.
Katrina Groves: Is it the opioids. That's the hard time or the math, or both.
Christina Frazee: Um,
Christina Frazee: No, I just, well, I've only been like when I think using its mess.
Christina Frazee: I don't, I'm just like,
Christina Frazee: I'm having a hard time dealing with everything. Like I just like I told Tony yesterday, I got a letter in the mail saying that my head went through already
Christina Frazee: And the meeting list. And I'm like, I know this should be good news. You know, it hasn't even been a month, but I think it just put it into reality for me, you know that it's like I'm on my own now, you know, and it's my family's like not together anymore, you know,
Christina Frazee: So I don't know. I think it was just a
Christina Frazee: Little dose of reality, it's just hard.
Christina Frazee: I don't know how
Christina Frazee: Long without my kids, you know, having them every day.
Katrina Groves: So why, okay. So you haven't had your kids for a long time now. Right.
Right.
Katrina Groves: This is not new.
Christina Frazee: I know it's just I think I go through different stages, like, because when I first didn't get the kids, then you know
Christina Frazee: They were crying every day because they missed me and then they went to it and then it went to where they're okay without me. And so then I get upset about that because the like.
Christina Frazee: Or. Okay. There'll be okay on the phone like talking to me and see me and then there. Okay, leaving you know and so that upsets me and it's like all these different levels of things that I'm having to go through that I never expected and so I don't know it's just
Christina Frazee: It's just hard.
Katrina Groves: The emotions are really difficult to you're not used to dealing with them, you're used to stuffing them. Yeah.
Christina Frazee: And I don't
Christina Frazee: I just let it build up like Elvis. I don't talk about it or you know I don't show emotion. So I just follow it to the pit of my stomach and then just
Christina Frazee: Smile, like everything okay cuz I'm gonna tell my kids, you know, like everything's fine. It's just adult stuff, you know, but I think not dealing with it is
Christina Frazee: Brought me to my breaking point you know
Katrina Groves: How old are your kids now.
Christina Frazee: I'm 11 eight
Katrina Groves: And they're old enough to kind of
Katrina Groves: Understand about drugs their friends are probably using them in school.
Yeah.
Christina Frazee: Yeah, it's crazy because I went on. It was on Thursday. I went to Jordan's family length.
Christina Frazee: And he had like his little friend was talking about a bar and I was all with that, you know, and it's just it is just crazy to think that you know he's in sixth grade already. I know what I was doing in sixth grade, you know,
Katrina Groves: Yeah.
Christina Frazee: It's just it
Katrina Groves: Right and and so you know those emotions. Being a mom.
Katrina Groves: All mothers habit. It's like, yeah, we want our kids to be independent, but the knee, then they don't seem to want you. And so then you feel like the new hero like abandoned and you're sad that will, don't they love me and
Christina Frazee: I mean it's, yeah. It's like me and Chloe me and Jordan were really, really close to me and Chloe.
Christina Frazee: I mean it was just a different kind of love, but me and Chloe have gotten so close lately and like every time I do see her. She doesn't want me to leave her side, even to use the bathroom like she's just like, and
Christina Frazee: She's all, I wish I could live with you and you know she's just really sad that all right you know she can't live with me and he was me all the time. And this is me doing her hair and you know it's just all the stuff that I'm reminded of every day.
Katrina Groves: So when, how can you look forward to a time when you are going to
Katrina Groves: Be able to get your kids back with you.
Katrina Groves: I mean, are you on a step thing like the HUD, get your own place. Get out of this bad relationship.
Christina Frazee: But then if it turns, I go back to the same old behavior where I'll sabotage it because I think like, I'm not good enough. I don't deserve this. You know what I mean. And I'm just denied self sabotaging them just like, Well, fuck it. And I'm shifting, you know,
Christina Frazee: I need to really
Christina Frazee: Be in a stable environment, you know, I'm
Christina Frazee: Constantly like having to live out of bags and just not. It's just raining, you know, working and then
Christina Frazee: I'm just hurting all the time because I'm working in just emotionally. So it flares up my fiber mile Jamie and I wake up at my hands are swollen and I'm just so exhausted and
Christina Frazee: There's just the constant I'm being told to get out move out you know my stuff still in bags like just the constant, not knowing
Christina Frazee: So, so, I mean, but I thought it would be a good thing for the hood going through this soon. You know what I mean, but
Yeah.
Katrina Groves: I think you second guess yourself a lot
Katrina Groves: Alright, well, let me just sort of start from the beginning again. Then, when did you start using narcotics, or actually, when did you start using any substance. How old are you, are you, six, eight.
Christina Frazee: I was gonna I'm gonna say around 14 is when I started using everything like first thing with lead and then it was meth and I mean everything coke.
Christina Frazee: Costly
Katrina Groves: Green LSD hallucinogens
Christina Frazee: Yeah, I've done LSD. I've done mushrooms. I've done ecstasy. I've done into lines like whippets and I've done computer cleaner. I mean, I've done
Christina Frazee: I've done everything
Christina Frazee: I think the only thing that I haven't done is fracking pod, you know,
Katrina Groves: Mm hmm. And so at 14 then and that led to
Katrina Groves: Problems with your work, your relationships, your family. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: How many times did. When did you decided that you might want to try to quit or did you
Christina Frazee: I did.
Christina Frazee: I don't think I ever really quit. Um,
Christina Frazee: I mean, when I was like 20 something maybe 20 I went to do
Christina Frazee: For possession of heroin and you know I got clean and deal and then I moved back down to San Diego with my mom a little bit and seeking for a little bit, but I think unless it's like I was forced to get clean. I've never really been clean my own
Katrina Groves: Although you joined our program, what, um, gosh, when you were gone, and I can't remember the first time but you came back last year in March.
Katrina Groves: Of your own free will. Right.
Yeah.
Christina Frazee: Yeah I cuz I just feel like
Christina Frazee: Now that I'm older and have kids. I don't know. I just feel different about it like I really
Christina Frazee: Let me go in a different
Christina Frazee: So I feel like now that I have kids and stuff. I really, I really want it. It's just, I know that there's not. I know that I have to do the work like
Christina Frazee: You can't just go into Suboxone program and then everything's gonna be fine. I know I need to be seen. Tom Sawyer, and I had a major setback with, you know, when I went into house was the house, house has been really good and then little thing with my boyfriend or you know whatever x
Christina Frazee: It's just that was a major setback for me. Yeah. And so I'm having to do like pull myself out of that hole now.
Katrina Groves: Are there other housing.
Katrina Groves: Programs. I heard they were opening up a new one.
Christina Frazee: Well, I've heard that too. But I am like I told you yesterday because I just received a letter, a couple days ago and all my like after I'm done with this.
Christina Frazee: Meeting with you. I'm, I'm going to go into the hands, no.
Katrina Groves: Good for you.
Christina Frazee: Don't want him to know because that's 21 days of like this.
Katrina Groves: Yes, it
Christina Frazee: Can help me and then hopefully my head, I can find a place with my head. And because I'm just, I'm just so exhausted and drained from fighting and you know that everything I can't do it anymore, you know,
Christina Frazee: Good for you just have a backpack fact, and I'm just thinking what anything else. I don't care. Peters it in the trash. I don't care about anything like it's just stuff like I'm just only care at this point. And just so exhausted. You know, so
Katrina Groves: You got into your breaking point of, like, that's it.
Christina Frazee: Yeah yeah
Katrina Groves: Good. I think that's a great idea and just
Christina Frazee: Get on Harrington house.
Christina Frazee: I was gonna, I was going to do this before, but then it's like, oh, well, all my stuff. I needed you know what my stuff for and it's like know that that held me back not. I mean, I just need to say forget it and just go
Katrina Groves: And it's not about what you own in your stuff. It's about in here.
Christina Frazee: And in here. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Good for you.
Katrina Groves: All right. Um, so let me get through this. Some
Katrina Groves: There's a lot of medical stuff like a family history.
Katrina Groves: Just have to go through. Is your mom still living.
Christina Frazee: Mm hmm. Yes.
Katrina Groves: And does she have any medical problems.
Christina Frazee: I know I think she's like high blood pressure and but that's about it.
Katrina Groves: How about your dad.
Christina Frazee: My dad's a disease.
Katrina Groves: And did he, what did he die of
Christina Frazee: complications from diabetes, I think. Okay.
Katrina Groves: And siblings.
Christina Frazee: I have one full blooded brother who's alive and a half brother who's alive.
Katrina Groves: And is there any medical problems or substance abuse problems with them.
No.
Christina Frazee: I'm the only one.
Katrina Groves: And so let's see who else
Katrina Groves: And you're still smoking cigarettes. Right.
Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Drink alcohol to
Know,
Katrina Groves: And that's good and you're still working at
Christina Frazee: jack in the box back in the box. Okay.
Katrina Groves: They give you more hours less hours.
Christina Frazee: Less hours.
Katrina Groves: That's a bummer.
Yeah.
Katrina Groves: So do you have any other
Katrina Groves: Diagnoses like high blood pressure yourself or diabetes or thyroid problems. Anything that you know about
Christina Frazee: No, just the fiber my own fair. Yeah. And then then mental like the anxiety and depression and all that stuff.
Katrina Groves: You seen anyone for that like counselor besides Tony like
Christina Frazee: No, I need to, though I really need to. I got a list of therapists that I need to call that are like
Christina Frazee: They're actually licensed, you know, and so, and I don't they're part of mental health. So I need a really need to. It's just a matter of, like I said, I need to have
Christina Frazee: stability that we can have like a routine. You know that they're just so like all over the place. They need to have like the seeing appointments on time and seeing a person to talk to and you know
Christina Frazee: At one point, after I talked to Tony, I started journaling, but then it's like my boyfriend at the time. I thought he went through my diary. And he's like, Oh, no.
Christina Frazee: He's all. No, I didn't. But if I would have seen it. I would have. It's like I can. That's my one safe place. I can go through and sorry I haven't journaled because I'm so scared that like for me to read it, you know.
Katrina Groves: You're going to really like Harrington house because they are very structured
Katrina Groves: And they have great meetings, you're going to meet with women who have the same issues as you, you're going to get the counseling, you're going to do chores. I mean, it's going to be. It's going to be great.
Katrina Groves: You're going to really like it there. I mean, you did well in house do you do well in that kind of environment so
Christina Frazee: Yeah.
Katrina Groves: I'm excited for you.
Katrina Groves: All right, so any surgeries Christina at all console's or
Christina Frazee: Yeah, it's not enough. I've had my tonsils removed. I've had
Christina Frazee: tubal ligation. Yes. And I've yeah I've had my side. And I've had my shoulder surgery and my rotator cuff.
Christina Frazee: And I think that's it.
Katrina Groves: In your appendix. Did you say that
Christina Frazee: Yeah, I've had my appendix removed kill. Okay.
Katrina Groves: And
Katrina Groves: What else, any other hospitalizations for anything overdose.
Christina Frazee: Know, just, um, when I was the one when I was younger. When I was hospitalized, that the the ID or
Katrina Groves: Sexually transmitted disease.
Christina Frazee: Yeah, and I was hospitalized for 14 because I remember that. And that's when they had to go in and they just remove my appendix then because they were in there so
Katrina Groves: Okay. And how many pregnancies. Have you had
Katrina Groves: To know miscarriages abortions.
Katrina Groves: Okay, and then I got to go through this review of systems, which is kind of tedious, but start to your head. Go to your toes in the last week or two if you've had any of these things. Let me know.
Katrina Groves: Like any Fevers or chills like infection going on in your body.
Katrina Groves: Know any night sweats know
Katrina Groves: How about fatigue. Yeah, probably. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: How about feeling sleepy during the day.
Yes.
Katrina Groves: How about signs a diabetes like were up all the time. You're thirsty, all the time.
No.
Katrina Groves: How's your appetite. Do you feel like you don't want to eat it all, you're not hungry or you're just
Katrina Groves: Finishing up stuff.
Christina Frazee: It's the same. I mean, I
Christina Frazee: Don't. Okay.
Katrina Groves: Any problems with your vision blurry double vision vision loss.
Know,
Christina Frazee: Any
Katrina Groves: Trouble with redness and your eyes are tearing no
Katrina Groves: Trouble with hearing or pain in your ears are drainage from your ears. No.
Katrina Groves: Trouble with your nose as far as any nasal
Katrina Groves: nosebleeds or runny nose or sinus problems.
Christina Frazee: Now it just right now. I have like a cold, so it's just a little bit stepped up but I mean on the regular no
Okay.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, I hear that
Katrina Groves: All right, so any trouble swallowing like food getting stuck.
Katrina Groves: Know any dental problems.
Yes.
Katrina Groves: And what kind of problems.
Christina Frazee: I have major like tooth decay. And I just, I really need to just get them on hold and then prices bad. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: And that's one thing on your list that you know the clinic will take you. If you get in there at 730 and sit there, though the dentist will put you in as a walk in, if they have a cancel. So
Katrina Groves: Yeah, get started with that because infections can go really bad Christine, they can go to your head, your brain, it's, it's not good.
Christina Frazee: I've had a couple abscesses where my whole Chica swelled up so
Yeah.
Katrina Groves: So good once you get in your own space, you'll have the ability to do that.
Katrina Groves: All right. Anything with your neck. Do you have pain or stiffness in your neck.
Christina Frazee: Yes. Well, it's like right in here like in my folders.
Okay.
Christina Frazee: Painful
Katrina Groves: Sometimes it helps to do shoulder shrugs like you hold a lot of your tension in there.
Christina Frazee: I when I think about it. I realize I'm like this. And so I need to just be conscious of it. So I'm like, yeah.
Katrina Groves: And one way to do that is like actually make yourself Tense your shoulders really tight like that. And then, and then relax them and by tensing them, you realize
Katrina Groves: Oh, they are tense already and it relaxes them down, that's where we are. A lot of us holder stress in there. Do you have any lymph nodes, though in your neck like swelling. No, no.
Katrina Groves: Any except for your little your little cough. You have now is I assume it's
Katrina Groves: Not yellow or green or it's just clear
Katrina Groves: phlegm coming up.
Christina Frazee: Well, it's a little green like when I get it out and then when I blow my nose. It's green.
Katrina Groves: Hmm. You're not wheezing now or feeling short of breath.
Katrina Groves: No. Okay. And you're smoking right nicotine cigarette.
Katrina Groves: And any problems with your heart like chest pain or pressure
Katrina Groves: Know, heart palpitations, where they go really fast your heart goes fast.
Christina Frazee: No, I just
Christina Frazee: I think it's just recently with, you know, like I said, being in pain. And then my anxiety.
Christina Frazee: Yeah, but I think on the normal. No, it's not like anything with my heart or anything.
Christina Frazee: So you don't
Katrina Groves: You don't have swelling in your legs or
Christina Frazee: No, just my hands. I have pulling in my hands really bad, especially when I first wake up and my feet a little bit, but my hands are very good. Okay.
Katrina Groves: Any change in your skin has your skin been dry or it she or hair loss, anything like that.
Christina Frazee: Just dry but I think it's just because the weather.
Katrina Groves: And any new moles. I know the one on under your neck. There is that changed or any other moles
Christina Frazee: No, I don't think it's changed. It's been the same since I was little. Okay.
Katrina Groves: stomach problems, Christina any abdominal pain.
Katrina Groves: Heartburn
Christina Frazee: No, I mean, I
Christina Frazee: Like, I need to be usually try to remember to take some schools partners because I have a slow digestive tract. Anyways, and then with football. So, okay, yeah.
Katrina Groves: Do you need a prescription for that or
Yeah.
Christina Frazee: I just buy it over the counter. Okay.
Katrina Groves: Um, yeah, it's important to stay real regular if you can. But no, nausea, vomiting, or blood in your stool or
Katrina Groves: Any bladder issues.
Katrina Groves: Like burning when you pee or UTI symptoms blood and your urine.
Christina Frazee: Scott over that just a little while ago I had a UTI.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, and that can happen if you're not drinking enough liquid and you're holding your P. Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Okay, so as far as your muscles and your, your, your pain. Is that where does that affect your fibromyalgia. Where's it affect you in what muscles.
Christina Frazee: I'd say my soldiers my arms.
Christina Frazee: And
Christina Frazee: It's just really all over body pain.
Katrina Groves: Back knees, hips eyes.
Christina Frazee: I've seen my knees and my back.
Christina Frazee: And that's about it.
Katrina Groves: But no, weakness, like you drop things are you collect your knee goes out from under you or anything like that.
Christina Frazee: No, it's just, it's not like that. It's just like, fatigue, like when I go to straighten my hair, I have to do it in sessions, because it's so hard to like hold my arm up. So then I have to like do a little bit
Christina Frazee: Go sit down and then go back and do a little bit because it's just really hot just even this like doing that motion is like painful. You know, so you're in sessions.
Katrina Groves: Do you have any tingling and numbness and your fingers and your arms like shooting pains coming from your neck going down into your hand.
Christina Frazee: Know if I get really cold though I'm like my fingers will turn like purple or white. Okay. They hurt really bad.
So that's
Christina Frazee: That's if I get really cold.
Katrina Groves: That's called rain outs. It's a fancy doctor's name, but it's not dangerous. It's just your blood flow clamps down
Katrina Groves: And that goes along with
Katrina Groves: The fibromyalgia sometimes
Katrina Groves: But you don't have any vertigo dizziness fainting spells know tremor.
Christina Frazee: Sometimes a little shaky, but
Katrina Groves: That's about it. Now, seizures,
Christina Frazee: No, headaches, I get headaches, I get Tension, tension headaches.
Katrina Groves: What do you take for those
Christina Frazee: I just take like Tylenol and Ibuprofen or take my volume.
Christina Frazee: Because that relax.
Christina Frazee: Right, yeah.
Katrina Groves: Maybe you can find
Katrina Groves: Some women to help at the Harrington house to get help each other do
Christina Frazee: It almost hurts worse if somebody touches it, and I don't like really weird. Like if somebody does try and massage it almost hurt more interesting or no.
Katrina Groves: So as far as the moods. You said your mood right now is kind of sad, anxious, depressed. Has there been any
Katrina Groves: Suicidal thoughts at all.
Christina Frazee: Not recently. But I mean, since this is all been going on. There's this or or thoughts of just
Christina Frazee: Just giving up like not really that I want to kill myself just like I don't know just hopelessness and I just what's the point, and I don't want to live, you know, but I'm not feeling that way today or anything like that. I'm just saying all this you know I
Christina Frazee: Don't know this is
Katrina Groves: How you describe it well.
Christina Frazee: Yeah, and what
Katrina Groves: What pulls you out of that.
Christina Frazee: I try and realize that
Christina Frazee: Because it's so hard to think about, like, you think like this feeling is this. I just, I don't know, I just wallow in and I just get like a
Christina Frazee: It absorbs me you know any mean it consumes me, but I try and like tell myself that like it's going to pass like tomorrow will be different, you know, I mean, because I get so so depressing. Just like like nobody can understand and like I don't know what is hard. So
Katrina Groves: Now you explain that. Well, and I love your vocabulary. The way you talk like absorbs consumes I mean those are amazing words.
Katrina Groves: I don't know if you ever thought that you'd be you're good at writing. I mean, maybe that's the journaling. Do you find that like is one of your strong
Christina Frazee: Used to all the time. And then I just feel like I can't anymore.
Christina Frazee: Like I said, it's just, it's just about my environment. You know, I just need to be in a safe place.
Katrina Groves: I agree because there's a lot of good things in you that are gonna come out like a, like a flower, you know, your seed right now is kind of hard. And then the ground and it's frozen.
Katrina Groves: And you don't. It's like it's, there's this flower in there that wants to grow, but you can't because you're in the frozen flippin ground excuse my French.
Katrina Groves: So you're going to go plant yourself somewhere where you can grow.
Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Okay, so any easy bruising or anemia or bleeding, any place hemorrhoids.
No. Okay.
Christina Frazee: I'm gonna walk to the restroom, so I can get some tissue.
Katrina Groves: I think they've left. Okay.
Katrina Groves: Mom pretty close to be in done
Okay.
Katrina Groves: So where those his kids are whose kids were those
Christina Frazee: Were his kids. Yeah, yeah.
Katrina Groves: And how does that once you leave them. How's the relationship with the kids. You're not really
Christina Frazee: I don't know. It's hard. I love them, you know,
Christina Frazee: But
Christina Frazee: I just need to know
Katrina Groves: Yep.
Katrina Groves: You need to do what you gotta do for yourself. Yeah.
Christina Frazee: And I've told him that from the beginning and that my priority is my kids right boys come first and I don't have time for a boyfriend. I can't give him what he wants. Anyways, or any guy. So, you know, it's just, yeah.
Katrina Groves: Okay, I'm going to remind you about that one.
Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Focus on you, not the men. Men right now, you're, you're, you got a broken picker.
Christina Frazee: Yeah, I know, I know.
Katrina Groves: go the other way. Just focus on you. Your daughter needs you right now, you know, she's, what, eight or 11
Christina Frazee: He's eight eight. Yeah, yeah.
Katrina Groves: So this is for her. If you can't think of any other reason to do it, then do it for your girls because yeah
Christina Frazee: Live one girl one boy.
Katrina Groves: Yeah, one girl and boy.
Katrina Groves: Boy needs it to even though he's more distant probably
Christina Frazee: Oh, he's a mama's boy.
Katrina Groves: Oh, cute.
Christina Frazee: Like when I had lunch with him and he's in sixth grade. He doesn't care. He'll give me a hug and kiss in front of everybody.
Katrina Groves: That's unusual. Yeah.
Christina Frazee: Yeah, he's always been a mama's boy like very, very close. Yeah, we, that's what I mean like it used to be just be me and Jordan has special bond, you know, like portal moment.
Christina Frazee: But Chloe. We've just gotten so close recently to, I think, with just this me and James splitting up I think kind of you never really think that your mom's not going to be there, you know, and I think now that I'm not pieces, you know,
Christina Frazee: We've gotten really me in her garden closer
Katrina Groves: Are you are you volunteering in their school at all, you have
Christina Frazee: A summer day trying to like family lunches and these, you know, and assemblies and what I can
What
Okay.
Katrina Groves: Alrighty, so, um, what did you tell me about your Suboxone you need it. You don't need it. I forgot.
Christina Frazee: No, I just got it. I just got it yesterday.
Katrina Groves: And you're getting a week at a time now.
Yeah.
And
Katrina Groves: So when can you come to group. I don't know about your house rules or anything, but do you, do you want to go check out Harrington house and then try to join my group when it's going to be a Monday night from 545 till 645 so if I
Christina Frazee: Want to write
Katrina Groves: You, but you don't know what Harrington house is going to be
Christina Frazee: Okay, yeah.
Katrina Groves: So since you have a script for a week. Why don't you
Katrina Groves: Be Monday the ninth is getting pretty crazy. How about the 16th. Do you have a calendar, can you can you put it on your phone.
Christina Frazee: Yeah, I will have a
Katrina Groves: Monday the 16th.
Katrina Groves: And is there anybody in group that you like absolutely cannot be in with like on a telemedicine thing. Is there somebody that you just like
Katrina Groves: I shouldn't be together.
Christina Frazee: There's, there's one girl. I don't think she does that tell them that though her name's Jen I don't know her last name.
Katrina Groves: Change and
Katrina Groves: The pregnant one
Christina Frazee: Know, she's like the reddish black hair and she just doesn't want to go the group and you like really like irritates me and then
Katrina Groves: DN one with the long hair, Native American
Christina Frazee: Native American know she's very pale skin actually wear bright lipstick all the time. Then Jen Yeah.
Katrina Groves: Blocking on her name. Anyway, I don't have a Jennifer on the 16th so
Christina Frazee: Okay. The only other one
Christina Frazee: But I don't think she'd be this way on tell him it is Tiffany I love Tiffany, but just drives me crazy sometimes like what they're talking no
Katrina Groves: All right, we'll end up on Monday, because that would not be good.
Christina Frazee: It's like all different this time. I'm just worried about myself. You know, I can only change myself and so
Katrina Groves: So this would not change Tony's groups. Keep going. You need the support as much as you can.
Katrina Groves: So, and how about your job though on the 16th. Are you working that evening or what are your hours are in the morning.
Christina Frazee: I usually work days and all the latest I'll work is like five
Okay.
Katrina Groves: So put you down for 545 on the 16th and I'm just let me know. You'll need a prescription okay that week too.
OK.
Katrina Groves: So the plan is now what grab your backpack and get out of Dodge. Yeah.
Good.
Katrina Groves: Get out of there before he comes home yeah
Katrina Groves: Okay, I wish you luck.
Katrina Groves: I know you're you'll do better there any places better than where you are. Yeah.
For sure.
Katrina Groves: Alright, you have any questions, my dear.
No.
Christina Frazee: Okay, thank you.
Katrina Groves: You're welcome. Keep in touch. We'll see you on the 16th, then
Christina Frazee: Okay. Okay, bye bye bye
Katrina Groves: Okay. Um, so same thing with her is established on our patient. I think I forgot to say this on the last one, but they're all the same. They're all seen me established with me.
Katrina Groves: Download community health center health center. I've known her for over three years although she went on, often on the program. It's still established patient
Katrina Groves: The pre bam, the ACM the expert, the risk protective and cures do all that.
Katrina Groves: She has pretty severe diagnosis, a severe opioid dependence in remission.
Katrina Groves: But
Katrina Groves: She also has methamphetamine.
Katrina Groves: Dependence which is
Katrina Groves: Severe as well.
Katrina Groves: She has anxiety.
Katrina Groves: Depression.
Katrina Groves: With
Katrina Groves: low to moderate suicide risk nicotine dependence moderate
Katrina Groves: Fibromyalgia and renounce phenomenon.
Katrina Groves: She does not need her Suboxone prescription. This week but she'll be getting it weekly
Katrina Groves: You heard about when I'm putting you on the 16th with me in group.
Katrina Groves: See her psych level of stresses high very
Katrina Groves: she's in a bad domestic violence relationship right now.
Katrina Groves: verbally abusive primarily
Katrina Groves: She was alert and oriented times three. She was a bit distracted because she didn't have a safe environment in which to talk
Katrina Groves: She had
Katrina Groves: Somewhat
Katrina Groves: Sorry concentration was
Katrina Groves: Normal cognition normal attention span was good, no evidence of any shorter long term memory problems. She didn't have a motor tremor, or any psycho motor agitation her mood was anxious and depressed, which was consistent with her effect very restricted effect. No.
Katrina Groves: very stoic
Katrina Groves: Pushing down her feelings.
Katrina Groves: She was casually groomed normal body habitus
Katrina Groves: Speech.
Katrina Groves: Rate volume and coherence, we're all normal. Normal thought process linear and logical and normal thought content.
Katrina Groves: Non tangential know auditory or visual visual hallucinations or delusions are noted no evidence of psychosis, not a during the visit.
Katrina Groves: Shed appropriate insight and judgment.
Katrina Groves: Intact self reflection.
Katrina Groves: Moderate
Katrina Groves: Currently denied suicidal ideation but, again, is it is high risk.
Katrina Groves: currently employed you heard talk about get nicotine dependence.
Katrina Groves: She's been homeless actually she's
Katrina Groves: And then she's lived with this guy for a while, but it's not working out as you heard she's going to go to Harrington house which is
Best thing she could do
Katrina Groves: Other vital she had a small black raised mall under the left neck.
Katrina Groves: She had tension in your shoulders.
Katrina Groves: Otherwise moved all extremities grossly normal coordinated movements skin without jaundice, respiratory, she did have a cough, but no wheezing shortness of breath and an at AMP T exam was a dramatic moments of ALEC peoples were neither dilated nor pinned she had normal hearing
Katrina Groves: That eye contact and
That will do it for her.
Katrina Groves: Okay, so I think I have a break for an hour. Hang on.
Katrina Groves: Don't have somebody tone to. So I'm going to go ahead and log off this room for now.